
War: Hotel-Rwanda
-------------------
	          wooden imitation guns. a large banner reads, "hutu power."
	          far off sound of gunfire. distant explosions light the night sky.
	          gunfire. the beam of his flashlight cuts the blackness, illuminating:
	</b>          the birds dart, in another direction as the staccato of a machine gun
	          paul is frozen at the crash of rifles on the door.
	</b>          they are startled by the crowd in the living room, rifles raised,
	</b>          the captain hovers over them, pistol in hand, turns, sees paul. he
	          captives. the captain snatches a pistol from one of his soldiers,
	</b>                      please, i don't use guns.
	</b>          the captain raises his own pistol and fires it. everyone jumps with
	</b>          the captain aims his pistol at paul's head. cocks the hammer.
	</b>          the captain laughs, snatches the gun from paul, marches toward them.
	</b>          the captain points the gun.
	                      are you mad? they will gun us all down.
	</b><b>                                  pistol man
	</b>          paul pulls the gun off him.
	</b>          paul hands the gun to xavier, hurries off.
	</b>          swarms of crazed militia fill the road. gun fire breaks out.
	</b>          colonel oliver steps from the jeep, waving his pistol in the air.
	</b>          bang - more gun fire. immaculata falls, wounded in the foot.
	</b>          then horns, gunfire - rwandan soldiers drive through the crowd in two
	</b>          as they do, another militia gunman steps out, fires wildly at the
	</b>          paul paces up and down, he can hear gunfire in the distance.
	</b><b>          machine gunfire - then single shots.
	</b>          paul jumps in the van, guns the engine, drives.
	</b>          bang, bang, bang. a militia man fires a pistol into the air.
	          pistol out. the looters see him and disperse.
	</b>          then a roar of gunfire. the ceiling and walls around gregoire explode.
	</b>          more gunfire echoes (soldiers clearing the militia).
	</b>          then gun fire ahead.
	</b>          there's more gunfire behind.
	</b>          colonel oliver has his pistol drawn.                                      

War: Platoon
--------------
	</b>	damn, 'lias this gun's boss.  put taylor someplace 
	junior scowls, swears, looks around for his rifle in the mud.
	tex is now on the m-60 machine gun, yelling at junior who is 
	</b>		(grabbing tex's gun)
	machine guns.
	elias pulls out a remington 870 shotgun, jacks it to the rear, 
	blows it down the bore - 'shotgunning' it into chris' lungs.  
	the pig grunts.  bunny leveling his shotgun, fires point blank.  
	explosions, occasionally gunfire.
	cradling his knees.  he sticks the gun down above her skull.
	the stock of his rifle swings up fast and hard smacking barnes 
	a pointilistic pattern, the men collages of grey, their rifles 
	when the machine gun fire erupts out of the jungle, spinning him 
	more machine gun fire.
		get two bravo up here.  get me a gun.
	howitzers - sounding like deep tom-toms some three miles distant 
	rifle dragging in the mud when he stumbles, sprawling face down.  
	but it's hidden by the bush.  he brings his rifle up smooth and 
	the door gunner signaling for them to hurry, laying out fire.
	lifting off as another explosion rocks the area.  the door gunner 
	gunner.
	incoming rounds are hitting the chopper.  the door gunner 
	</b>	... we still got one on the deck.  bring the gunships 
	rat-tat-tat-tat, rat-tat-tat.  machine gun, outgoing, followed by 
	chris smashing a wounded shadow with the butt of his gun down 
	junior freaks out, throws his rifle down and hobbles out of the 
	nervously aiming his rifle as a man comes running towards them, 
	mangled rifle pulled to its highest arc.

War: Pianist,-The
-------------------
	               their dining table. the ss men burst in, machine pistols 
	               the ss men open fire with a machine gun mounted on the 
	               pistol to prod people into moving. when he gets to the 
	               the nco turns his pistol on the young woman and shoots her 
	                         plans, guns!
	               pushing them with their rifle butts.
	               pistol runs out of ammunition. he changes the clip, shoots 
	               of the sack and finds a pistol and ammunition. he hides 
	               little behind them, majorek. distant sounds of gunfire. 
	               silence.  szpilman smiles but then hears the sound of rifle 
	               follow behind on the trot, pulling a field gun.
	               the commander orders the field gun to be trained on the 
	               the gun roars. the shell tears into the building. at once 
	               the german soldiers open fire with their rifles and lob 
	               grenades into the building. the gun fires again. 
	               of a machine gun. 
	               over the city comes the sound of gunfire. 
	               rifle and machine-gun fire from the schutzpolizei building. 
	               rifle and machine-gun fire from the schutzpolizei building. 
	               grenades thrown, machine-gun fire exchanged.
	               soldier, pointing his rifle at their backs, appears. 
	               a german tank bringing its gun to bear on the building 
	               the gun jerks back and there's a great roaring noise. 
	               gun to bear directly on a lower floor of his building. the 
	               distant gunfire. he sees the unopened tin of pickles, stares 
	               somewhere, a cat mews. distant burst of rifle fire.
	</b>                         what's all that gunfire?
	               snow. the sound of distant gunfire. 
	               cock his rifle and fire at him.

War: Three-Kings-(Spoils-of-War)
----------------------------------
	     miles.  we hear the sound of a man making machine gun-like
	     humvee's thirty caliber machine gun, making the noises and
	                that's what we do.  the guns, the tanks,
	     miles.  we hear the sound of a man making machine gun-like
	     machine gun, epps sweeps the horizon with his binoculars, and
	     jaeger gets down from the machine gun, pulls out his puzzle
	     startled, epps and wes each pull their guns and spin in 
	     miles.  we hear the sound of a man making machine gun-like
	     jaeger at the machine gun, epps working his binoculars, and
	     jaeger jumps down from the machine gun pissed as all hell. 
	     epps drives, jaeger rides shotgun, relaxed, feet up on the 
	     the iraqis turn things up a notch and start sending gunfire
	     jaeger climbs back to the humvee's machine gun, works the
	     line.  jaeger swings the machine gun around hard and lets
	     as if in answer the remaining iraqi vehicle's gunner tears
	     wreckage, sweeping it with his rifle ready to blast any
	     jaeger is already behind the wheel.  epps rides shotgun this
	                gun, and stop a bullet.
	</b>                gunfire. 
	     about it, then casual as rain pulls out a gun and gives him a
	                gunned.  they'd cut us to shreds.
	     down below comes another balloon burst; another gun shot.
	     from below the edge of the mesa a helicopter gunship -
	     pilot brings the gunship about and levels her massive machine
	     their spots, and not an instant too soon.  the gunner lets
	     gunship swings around, picks up speed and bears down on them. 
	     their heads whip around looking for the gunship.
	     in answer to jaeger's question the gunship comes swooping up
	     they race for it, hurl themselves into it as the gunship
	     it's too narrow for the gunship to get a good shot through. 
	     beyond the opening to the passage the gunship swings back and
	     wes watches the gunship as it seemingly settles in the air.
	     something:  the gunship's missile pods rotating slightly, 
	     the passage as a missile rockets from the gunship's pod.
	     an elephant.  the gunship turns on wes and fires in his 
	     grenade in his launcher as the gunship comes about.  it races 
	     on him.  epps fires, but the gunship simply jukes up and away
	     at the same time the gunship lowers itself so that it hovers
	     grenade from view.  slowly they walk towards the gunship.
	     about to throw it back out of the gunship. 
	     damages the gunship.  it rocks, lists, spins wildly out of
	     them.  worse still the gunship, now a lame bird, drops from
	     straddles the intruder pressing the muzzle of the rifle
	                anyway.  they flew the gunship up here to
	     we hear a short burst of gunfire.  three large, bloody holes
	</b>                why don't you put the gun down, all 
	                right, wes?  you put the gun down and 
	     the but of his rifle into the side of epps' head.  it opens a
	     horseback.  one of them has a high powered rifle which he has
	     before epps can even finish getting the word out machine gun 
	     the door.  with the muzzle of his gun he pulls it open a
	     completely outnumbered and out gunned by a mounted force.
	     safely.  all epps knows is there aren't any gun totting
	                run over to the driver and put a gun to
	     the driver, keeping the gun pressed to his head.

War: Patriot,-The
-------------------
	with a musket in his hand and a dozen game-birds over his
	they raise their muskets and fire a volley into the air.
	<b>pattering wave of thousands of muskets firing.
	reluctantly, thomas takes the muskets back into the house.
	musket and a dispatch case.  he sways.  marion catches him
	hear heavy musket fire, very close.
	pitch black.  then a musket fires, creating a flash of
	the strobe of the musket shot provides targets for an
	then the pattern repeats itself:  a musket fires,
	gun cabinet.  he extracts two pistols and a pair of
	gun cabinet.  he extracts two pistols and a pair of
	shoulder, and has a pair of pistols in his belt.
	massive musket balls.  blood is everywhere.  marion
	carbine, a brace of pistols and a sword.  some carry
	tarleton draws his pistol and points it at marion.
	tarleton controls his shifting mount, keeping his pistol
	aim, pointing the pistol among marion's children.
	frightened.  marion quickly steps between the pistol and
	tarleton raises a second loaded pistol and a dozen green
	dragoons raise pistols and carbines, aiming them at marion
	from the barns, they hear the sounds of muskets firing and
	flames, marion walks to his gun cabinet.  he opens it and
	without breaking stride, marion throws muskets to nathan
	on the hillside, nathan and samuel grip their muskets and
	samuel finishes reloading, swaps muskets with nathan who
	marion ducks to the side as a volley of redcoat musket
	fire tears into the spot marked by marion's rifle smoke...
	samuel, weeping as he loads, hands a primed musket to
	marion drops his own expended rifle and catches the
	redcoat's loaded musket before it hits the ground shoves
	that musket into another redcoat's belly and fires...
	they quickly do so as marion picks up a loaded musket and
	redcoats raise their muskets and the front ranks kneel
	the sound of the british muskets reaches marion and
	british musket balls slam into the trees and splinter the
	</b>		a rolling gunsmith's shop...
	</b>		we can rifle those musket barrels...
	</b>		we can rifle those musket barrels...
	</b>		put that pistol down!
			dogs, and use the papers for musket
			and muskets here.
	-- a volley of musket fire erupts from some thick
	finding barrels and casks of gunpowder, boxes of weapons
	gunpowder across the floor.
	muskets leveled at the outnumbered redcoats.
	<b>drawn, pistols primed...
	officers, with patriot soldiers holding muskets at their
	dragoons pour into the house, muskets brandished.  no sign
	horse, pulling his flintlock pistol from his saddle
	<b>rollins puts the pistol to his head and pulls the trigger,
	marion cocks his musket, checks his pistols and walks
	paint-flecked musket balls made from thomas' lead
	suddenly they hear the sounds of muskets fire ahead of
	marion cocks his pistol and extracts his tomahawk on the
	the lights of the battle:  the strobes of the musket shots
	running men.  scattered musket fire.
	the strobes of the muskets illuminate running men and
	the dragoons pull their pistols about to fire again.
	marion kills him with a pistol shot.
	shouldered muskets clicking against pack buckles...
	muskets fire simultaneously... just as the entire line of
	everything.  each musket spits out a billow of think white
	happening before the spreading cloud of musket smoke
	volley of musket fire that stops the disorderly british
	musket and is pulled from his hands...
	tarleton kicks out, knocking the pistol from marion's
	they see samuel throw down his musket and tear down the

War: Cold-Mountain
--------------------
	               large gun emplacement and some men still sleep against the 
	               rourke weaves through the gun emplacements, laughing.
	               goes back to his gun.
	<b>               horses, guns, men are blown to pieces and thrown up into the 
	               the confederates begin firing into the crater. guns and mortar 
	               and guns swung like clubs and inman sliding down into that 
	               hell, tiring the nine rounds, then the shotgun charge, which 
	               young oakley loses his rifle and picks up a magazine case, 
	               only one of them sits with a rifle surveying the confederate 
	</b>                         a tintype, with your gun and your 
	                         in this world, not a tree a gun or a 
	<b>               inman's gun is at his temple.
	                         what kind of pistol is that i never 
	               the gun trained on veasey as he sets her down by the fire.
	               has a sniper's rifle and is loading for a third shot. inman 
	               up, but clinging on, as the rifle continues to deliver its 
	               he picks up his gun and leaves dolly gathering up the children 
	<b>               the barrel of junior's shotgun.
	<b>               next he swings the shotgun barrel against the side of inman's 
	<b>               three men burst in behind her, rifles raised.
	               up and finds himself staring down the barrel of a shotgun.
	               labouring away, but with his shotgun by him. teague stops 
	               stops working, picks up his shotgun and goes over. teague 
	               esco comes over the rail fence, his gun loose in his hands.
	                         with a shotgun.
	               he starts to fish out a tobacco pouch. esco's gun swings up.
	               esco kicks out at him, the shotgun rigid and pointing.
	               out at him, knocking the gun from his hands, which fires 
	<b>               mo reverses his rifle and clubs her to the ground.
	</b><b>               gun suddenly springing into his hand. as acton falls, bosie 
	               backdoor with the shotgun and a determined look.
	                              (of the gun)
	               ada the gun and approaches, warily.
	               peeled for the turkey, gun at the ready. his dog growls, and 
	<b>               is perched in the tree. the pistol flashes in his hand.
	               inman takes out his gun. she starts, terrified.
	                         world. every blade, every gun.
	               inman is up, grabbing clothes, boots, his gun.
	<b>                                     pistol
	               nym gets close to her, putting his rifle to her chest.
	               nym unties her. pistol has a rope around the hog and now 
	<b>                                     pistol
	               pistol heads towards the cabin. as he approaches the door, 
	               bardolph rearranges the blankets to, cover the baby. pistol 
	               opens the door. nym is on top of sara. pistol laughs, enters, 
	</b><b>               he obligies, teague's carbine springs up in his hand and 
	               across the snow. a shotgun lines up its sight at one of them.
	               turkeys tires to reload the shotgun.
	                         out with a shotgun more often. he 
	               carbine fires an involuntary shot into the air. inman yanks 
	               the gun from his hand with his own left hand and lets go the 
	               shotgun barrel of the lemats with the other, the big pistol 
	               shotgun barrel of the lemats with the other, the big pistol 
	                         gun and ride home, i'm done fighting. 
	</b>                         i give you my gun you'll shoot me 
	               and in that second he produces his gun and fires. inman has 
	               ada hurries on, taking the shotgun from ruby, who tends to 

War: Apocalypse-Now
---------------------
		and houses the rear of a m-60 machine gun, hand painted
		and bushes and holding a 12 gauge automatic shotgun
		mud, his machine gun blasting fire.
		around us. the screams amid the gunfire and explosions
			pistol in it.
		gunfire is heard and a lower, slower voice in background.
			phillips, the chief -- gunner's
			lance johnson; gunner's mate
		twin fifty-caliber machine guns -- they wave to the guards
		helicopters -- tanks -- guns -- men. nobody builds
		machine guns -- rockets and loudspeakers. the two out-
		from the doors and stand with guns ready. then a tall,
	</b>		gunner's mate, third class --
		he passes a twisted gun emplacement with about five
			you take a gunship back to division
		he looks out, around. he turns to his door gunner.
	<b>				gunner
		close shots of rocket pods -- mini-guns in bizarre
		m-60 machine guns; expandable rocket launchers; mortars
		from the water we see the massive grouping of hueys -- gun-
		from huts bearing ammunition and rifles -- everywhere
		we see rockets roar from pods -- machine guns rattle --
		grenade launchers pound away -- and mini-guns pour
		pov behind lead gunship. they roar in over the beach
		copters almost drown them out. the gunner fires
		frantically -- copters are roaring over -- gunfire
		rips around. the gunner is blown away.
		as the ship he is in swoops down, its machine guns
		door gunner.
		he turns to door gunner.
		the gunner fires leaning out --
			millimeter guns and ak-47's.
		the trees with rockets, machine guns and grenade launchers.
		them -- the door gunner swings out and blasts two of
		he puts his arms across the sights -- the gunner swings
		all he's worth. kilgore motions to the door gunner who
		steps aside. kilgore buckles himself into the gunner's
		weatherby magnum with a zebra wood stock -- mother of pearl
		as he loads the rifle with huge cartridges. he gets
		kilgore leans out; pulls the gun in tight -- takes
		the gaudy rifle passed by him.
		regular troops outside a burning hut. gunfire is
		emplacements -- 50 cal machine guns etc. three
		over and the two gunships pull up at 200 feet. another
		rifle turning to lance --
		fifty cal. guns turning; warily covering the jungled
		walk toward a patch of black elephant grass; their guns
		willard jams another clip in his gun and backs out of
		his rifle into the boat and dives headfirst after it.
		the chief tries to grab him; takes his gun away, but is
		his gun belt and picks up his m-16. she looks up at him --
		sniper rifle -- another tries to spot for the gunner.
		sniper rifle -- another tries to spot for the gunner.
		they move ahead more carefully. the gunner blasts away
	<b>				gunner
	<b>				gunner
	<b>				gunner
	<b>				gunner
		light. the gunner fires a long burst.
	<b>				gunner
		up the machine gun dragging his m-79 which has paisley
	<b>				gunner
	<b>				gunner
		he opens the breech of his shotgun-like weapon and plunks
		he adjusts his sights so that the gun is aimed high into
			counted fourteen different guns
		set up by leaning the surfboard against gun mount.
		everything is confusion -- yelling -- gunfire -- the thud
		lance's twin guns return the fire. the chief moves to one
		of the heavy guns and joins lance in returning the fire.
		clean climbs onto the boat, and leaps onto a gun emplace-
		clean is riddled by machine gun fire.
		he jams his gun up as he sees a flash and fires -- there
		joint and looks at his gun. splotches of paint
		water across the p.b.r.'s bow. the crew crouches, guns
	</b>		put the guns straight up -- stand
		he puts down his gun -- the others do likewise --
		he carries an m-60 machine gun in his hand -- a belt of
		many sandbagged gun emplacements and barbed wire.
		opposite rim, sit two men and a woman with machine guns.
		a machine gun emplacement is situated on the terrace cover-
		there is a .30 calibre machine gun mount in the far one.
		he puts down his gun and strips off his shirt. she lays
		they all turn their guns in that direction. we pan to
		the men are really tense now -- lances swivels his gun from
		m-16 go. then slowly lets the rifle fall out of his hands,
		difficult journey. they start to move to their gun
			-- and leave your guns up, lance.
		wild looking savages man these guns, and seem to bow
		lays on its side so that a 7.62 mini-gun that was mounted
		built on amound so the gun commands a clear field of
		beards and savage manner, sit near the gun. several
		willard guns him -- then there is additional automatic
		death ray gun, radiating outward with ice-blue energy.
	</b>		mini-gun. colby. sergeant.
			mini-gun.
	<b>	262  med. shot - mini-gun
		operates the mini-gun with several native helpers. shells
		as the gun resumes firing, right up to the moment he is
		a foot and stabs another. from him he takes his ak47 and
		machine gun mount. they don't see him. he braces the gun
		machine gun mount. they don't see him. he braces the gun
		gun empty. he drops it and flips open the flap of his
		moves over to pick up the nva light machine gun. holding
		machine gun jams and kurtz grabs a rifle. when it's empty
		colby takes his rifle and joins willard in firing at

War: Saving-Private-Ryan
--------------------------
	               the roar of naval guns continues but now we see them firing.
	               huge fifteen inch guns.
	               beach.  hundreds of german machine guns, loaded with tracers,
	                         ringed by fortified machine gun nests.
	               a river of machine gun fire pours into the craft.  a dozen
	                         rain down machine gun fire and
	                         gun.  starts climbing with the first
	</b>                         are cut to ribbons by machine gun
	                         machine guns.  calls to jackson, a
	</b>                         are raked by machine guns.  all are
	               the german machine gun swings toward sarge and reiben.  miller
	<b>               the german machine gunner
	               swings the machine gun away from sarge and reiben, toward
	               putt out the two worst machine gun nests.
	               wade tosses a satchel charge into a gun port.  a huge, muffled
	               bunkers.  the sounds of big guns and machine guns fire
	               bunkers.  the sounds of big guns and machine guns fire
	               the sound of clattering machine gun fire segues to that of
	<b>               near constant mortar explosions.  heavy machine gun fire.
	               craters, firing back as best they can.  big guns thunder in
	               positions.  german machine gun fire responds and they duck
	                         guns.
	               of men and vehicles.  miller rides shotgun.  reiben, jackson
	               and chattering men move out around them.  distant guns rumble.
	               upham but, sir, i haven't held a gun since basic training.
	                         gunners on the eighty-eights, one
	               sits down and carefully attaches the rifle to it.  then he
	                         to put me with this here sniper rifle
	               first light.  the sound of distant guns has been replaced by
	</b>                         a machine gun.
	                         machine guns.
	</b>                         twenty-two flat?
	<b>               a heavy german machine gun opens up.  murderously loud.
	                         the machine gun, a big schwarzlose
	<b>               the machine gun swings toward wade miller jumps up and sprints
	               zero the machine gun.  fire fast as they can.  their bullets
	<b>               the machine gun swings back toward miller wade jumps up and
	<b>               the machine gun swings from miller
	</b>                         that was no twenty-two flat.
	                         guns.  that's over three hundred
	</b>                         thanks for drawing that machine gun
	               tons, with a big 88-mm gun, four heavy machine guns and
	               tons, with a big 88-mm gun, four heavy machine guns and
	                         upham move that machine gun so it
	               forrest two machine guns, twenty-two grenades, two gammon
	               forrest two machine guns, twenty-two grenades, two gammon
	               guns and about sixty rounds per man.
	               just then they hear the sound of a big gun firing in the
	</b>                         i can tell what the gunners had for
	</b>                         those guns are close.
	               forrest just south of town.  the krauts have a two gun
	               gun nest.  miller looks around, evaluating, sarge and upham
	<b>               ext. machine gun nest - bridge - night
	                         sub-machine gun, miller grabs him
	<b>                         up with his sub-machine gun.
	               the rear machine gun nest with sarge.
	               miller points, directing reiben to the forward machine gun
	               the rear machine gun nest.
	</b>                         manning the forward machine gun nest.
	               and the rear machine gun nests.
	</b>                         manning rear machine gun.
	</b>                         opens up with the machine gun.
	</b>                         with the rear machine gun.  drops
	                         miller.  that german raises his rifle
	                         ryan firing the rear machine gun.
	               dark.  quiet.  the distant guns are silent for once.
	</b>                         manning the forward machine gun.
	                         gun.  the barrel burns into his flesh.
	<b>               gun.
	                         machine gun nest.  falls on the
	</b>                         immediately grab the machine gun and
	</b>                         with the machine gun.  covers miller.
	               ryan jumps behind the second machine gun.  opens up.  helping
	<b>               the tiger's machine guns opens up on him.

War: Pearl-Harbor
-------------------
		gun and engine sounds.
		danny are playing, one of them gunning his engine to go high,
		rafe grins and guns his plane low, in the opposite direction
	</b>			if i had guns i'd be chewing up your --
	</b>			if you had guns, you'd be pissin' on 'em.
		as danny's wheels are about to touch, he guns his engine and
		the sound of an approaching fighter plane with wing guns
		their line, machine guns blazing.
		firing his machine guns.
		and moves to help the armorers reload the guns.
		side at the lead bomber, blasting away with their guns.
		nose gunner; the bomber dips as the copilot struggles to take
		it's jammed; he pulls out his .45 pistol and blam!  blam!
				let me fire a gun.
		the deck gun barks, aimed toward the conning tower of the
		the gunners snap in another shell and fire again.  it's a
		   killing sailors with machine gun fire.
		sailors rush to man the guns, they find the ammo boxes
		sailors run up from below and are gunned down and blasted
	</b>			make sure the gunners have enough
		then dorie sees it:  an unmanned anti-aircraft gun.  he runs
		the gun already has a belt of ammo in it -- apparently loaded
		by the gunner who lies beside it with his chest shot open.
		dorie swings the business end of the gun toward the zeros
		will knock him from that gun.
		the men were sitting down to breakfast, but the machine gun
		strafing.  the zeros rake them down with machine gun fire.
		as billy gets shorter as he runs; the zero's machine gun fire
		their headaches are gone, and danny's gunning the buick down
		they look at each other on the ground.  they see machine gun
		and gunning the buick's v-8.
		handguns.  but courage does not save them...
		fires and the water they can't escape; the gun turrets' 1400
	</b>			cock-suckin' right i do!!  in the gun
		the other pilots run in, throw open the gun locker, and start
		grabbing weapons -- aircraft machine guns, ammo belts, one
		up there, as the other pilots brace the machine guns against
		hits a wall of steel fired from the combined guns; the
		red runs out with his machine gun and keeps firing even when
	</b>			anthony, red, stay with the guns!  coma,
		they gun their engines and roll through the grass on either
		he fires a short burst to see if his guns work; they do.
		blast in, wing guns blazing, chopping into two zeros.  both
		rafe hits first, machine gunning one plane, and danny comes
		the p-40's come through again, their guns spitting fire.
		rafe has a plane in his sights, but his guns fire only a
		he, red, and anthony reload the machine guns in rafe and
		rafe and danny gun their engines and head back into the air,
		coming up with a 12-gauge shotgun to fire at the zeros as
		the severed barrel of a five-inch naval gun as a bridge to
		ammunition from the ammo lockers, hand to hand up to the guns
		a marine gunnery sergeant leads men in a race through
	<b>					gunnery sergeant
	<b>					gunnery sergeant
		the gunnery sergeant and his marines run with a water-cooled
		machine gun, across the open ground, under fire.
		firemen jump out, a zero strafes them, gunning down the
		behind it, both of them gunning away.  the zero comes apart
		and though the bombs are blasting and guns booming
				volunteered for gunnery training so that
	</b>			the enterprise will ride shotgun when we
		and the army gunners load ammunition for the machine guns.
		and the army gunners load ammunition for the machine guns.
		the cruisers next to the carrier firing its guns -- at
		greening pulls the machine guns out of the rear of the planes
	</b>			broomsticks instead of tail guns.
		danny calls back to his gunner, who is watching the fuel
	<b>					gunner
		the gunner is already pouring gas into the tanks from the
		crew mount their guns and swerves them around.  the officer
		the crew dismount their guns; just a drill.
	<b>					gunner
		rafe's tail gunner sees zeros swarming in with vengeance.
	<b>					gunner
		chews into the bomber's tail, hitting the gunner.  red
		scrambles back to find the gunner dead.
		machine guns, rafe looks for a way out.  he dives down toward
		b-25's together, their machine guns down one zero and damage
		danny's engines are sputtering; his gunner pours the last
		rafe's plane settles down toward the water; he guns the
		is quickly filling.  the navigator and gunner are
		unconscious navigator and gunner.
		a bit; he tosses the pistol aside and grabs the shard again,
		brandishing their rifles at the fliers on the beach, living
		his hand slides by the pistol he tossed behind the rock.
		red, shoves him onto his face in the sand and aims his rifle

War: Beasts-of-No-Nation
--------------------------
	          the ground, pinned down by gunfire. some of the men from the
	          government army soldiers hold them at gun point, prodding
	          footsteps. grass rustles. footsteps louder. then, machine gun
	          a small boy -- machete in hand, a shortened rifle strapped to
	          commandant simulates firing a gun towards the bush.
	                    ones gunned down, you have
	          body guards, they pump their shotguns and fire into the
	          agu, disgusted, notices strika. his rifle dangling in his
	          machine guns are mounted on some of them, as well as
	          more gun fire, then.
	          the government troops hold their rifles into the air.
	          bush with guns aimed and ready. he is proud of the catch.
	          anger, memories of his father and his brother, gunned down in
	          strika walks over with his rifle and helps agu. together,
	          machine guns and anti-aircraft guns are mounted on the
	          machine guns and anti-aircraft guns are mounted on the
	          rifles around and open fire, killing it and nearly killing
	          behind a building facing a plf stronghold -- two machine gun
	          the ndf soldiers yell at the convoy and point their rifles
	</b>                    my gun is making mark on my hand. i
	          agu walks to her, and at point blank, raises his rifle and
	          and shot up cars line the road side, as if pitched gun
	          agu raises his rifle at the armed guard.
	</b>                    i was just playing with his gun,
	          bullet from its shell, empties the gun powder onto a piece of
	          gun fire echoes in the distance. everyone is silent looking
	          gun fire echoes again in the distance. quietly, they move out
	          his first instinct is to grab his rifle and aim. she sees
	          to find ammo, digging through abandoned rifles and dead
	          his belly so he rests his rifle on his head.
	                    playing draughts with your gun
	          commandant turns to agu, his rifle still raised.

War: From-Here-to-Eternity
----------------------------
	           along. this here's a rifle outfit,
	           over... twenty-two years of age...
	           laps double-time rifle at high
	          prew running around track, his rifle at high port. he wears a
	          the men start taking their rifles apart as fast as they can.
	          prew's hands start to work over rifle parts, putting them
	<b>          close shot the rifle
	          henderson grabs the rifle from prew, turns his back to him,
	          widens to include prew. he throws the rifle at prew, who
	</b>          running around track to sun, rifle held before him. the smile
	          smashes his rifle against prew's, knocks it to the ground.
	          maggio, wielding his rifle madly, yells over.
	</b>          maggio and prew trudge wearily along the porch, rifles on
	          noncommittal. they carry their rifles into the supply room.
	           rifle man, not a spud-cutter.
	</b>           rifle man, huh? all somebody'd have
	           as a forty-five shootin downhill.
	           life in a rifle compny, eh?
	           rifle hit you between the eyes,
	          dives toward him, machine guns spitting.
	           unlock the rifle racks. every man
	           get his rifle and go to his bunk
	           if you have to use a rifle butt to
	           japs with a machine gun, milt.
	          high down the street, machine guns flaring. after it passes,
	          helpers follow with a heavy machine gun and belt boxes.
	          gun, the deep sound of bombs hitting in the far distance. and
	</b>          grinning as his plane dives, its guns roaring. his silk scarf
	          machine gun. two soldiers hang onto the bucking legs of the
	</b>          firing the machine gun. he yanks the tripod away from his
	          helpers, picks up the gun, stands and swings it after the
	           shooting gunsling, not the carrying
	           gunsling. you know that?
	          clutch thompson guns, try to scan the dark countryside.
	          gunfire from the jeep hits him. he falls sideways into the

War: Inglourious-Basterds
---------------------------
	          yet the lapadite women watch the nazi soldiers, machine guns at ready,
	          wy tear up the wood floor with machine gun fire.
	          gunfire. the colonel keeps his finger in the air to indicate silence.
	          gunned for sheltering enemies of the
	          had a gun pointed at your balls since
	</b>          we see all three guns pointed at appropriate crotches. as well
	          female sgt.beethoven and stiglitz bring their guns toward each
	          the shooting stops...the smoke caused by the gunfire ... starts
	          come down, no guns!
	          gunny i thought we had a deal?
	</b>          you need guns on me for it to be
	</b>          you got guns on us, you decide to
	          came down without guns. now it's
	          just in a nazi gun fight. now i
	          a small gun, and puts it in the pocket of her dress., and it's
	          the soldier's gun is out of it's holster, and rising toward
	          fires a gun concealed under it.
	          his gun, firing hitting donny in the chest...
	</b>          fredrick hears the gunshots below them, and turns towards the
	          while fredrick's back is turned, shosanna takes a gun out of
	          shosanna, gun in hand, looks out projection booth window into
	          the on screen battle rages so loudly with gunfire, that her

War: Tropic-Thunder
---------------------
	</b>          a gunner sprays fire down at unseen anti-aircraft. all
	          as the. chopper tries to land, the gunner tosses a couple
	          flying. but the bulk of the platoon is getting gunned
	          gunned down-5y motown who has all sorts of stomizd
	          his barrage of bullets with his machine gun arm,
	          even have a gun...
	          machine gun in cool slo mo.
	          speedman'and martin lawrence, both with guns, are holding
	          character. he opens them, and grabs. his gun and creeps
	          swinging his gun unpredictably.
	          gun...
	          suddenly: gunfire from everywhere! the guerrillas have
	          guns pointed straight at them.
	          they all hold their rifles above their heads.
	          lazarus throws down his gun. he's had it.
	          head and begins crossing the river, holding his rifle
	</b>          a guard shoves speedman hard with a rifle butt. speedman
	          suddenly: gunfire erupts all around!
	</b>          tran smacks speedman in the, head with a rifle butt.
	          you understand! like my desk or my gun,
	</b>          the guards let off a burst of machine gun fire as portnoy
	          speedman's ankle with his rifle butt. sandusky keeps
	          knocks him out and grabs his machine gun. he tosses the
	          guard's pistol to four leaf.
	          speedman'a machine gun.
	          he holds up the machine gun...
	<b>          guns firing into the air!!
	          'gun it..
	          turn... portnoy grabs cody's gun and hangs by the runner,
	          machine gun off the ground and fires toward tran and his
	<b>          movie star style, he unleashes a barrage of machine gun

War: Schindler's-List
-----------------------
	               burst of muffled gunfire that erupts from somewhere up the 
	               he pulls out a revolver and shoots the old gangster in the 
	               he turns and walks away. the other einsatz boys pull rifles 
	               more frightening than a gun -- a clipboard -- he abets the 
	               yet -- to bring out his heavy guns:
	               hujar unholsters his pistol but holds it limply at his side.
	               goeth groans and takes the gun from him and puts it to the 
	               he fires. she crumples to the ground. he returns the gun to 
	               allowed to pack is answered with a rifle butt; an unannounced 
	               short burst of gunfire.
	               rifle bursts no louder than caps. dismounting, schindler 
	               the gunfire outside sounds like firecrackers.
	               the butt of the rifle against his shoulder, goeth aims down
	               no one confesses. goeth nods, all right, takes a rifle from 
	               he shrugs, okay, points the rifle at another worker -- and a 
	               he returns the rifle to the guard and walks away. hujar stares 
	               down as if by instinct to the gun in his holster. he stares 
	               gun appears out the bathroom window and fires.
	               and holstered guns. schindler smiles; this is a beautiful 
	               revolvers and rifles aim at the sun and fire. music, shots, 
	               and, ruining a perfectly good party, he takes out a gun and 
	               loud as gunshots --
	               goeth tried to kill with a faulty revolver --
	               terrified before commandant liepold and the revolver he 
	               liepold swings the gun around at the voice, pointing it for 
	               doesn't lower the gun, though, either.
	</b>                         i need guns.
	</b>                         pistols, rifles, carbines ...
	               pfefferberg smiles, lowers the gun, kneels beside an open 
	               dying to lift his rifle and fire.
	               pfefferberg tightens his grip on the pistol under his coat.
	               they're met by pfefferberg and some other workers, rifles 
	               the camp, the workers keep their rifles pointed at them. the 

War: Last-Samurai,-The
------------------------
	his revolver with the last of his ammunition.
	algren wields his saber in one hand and his revolver in the other, serving
	suddenly, the woods erupt with gunfire. trees are shredded.
	a gatling gun.
	six barrels glisten like steel teeth. this early machine gun is the pinnacle of
	with insane courage, he wheels and charges the gun.
	</b>                           this is, gentlemen, the gun that is winning the
	</b>algren looks up. he knows that voice. he carefully puts the revolver back into the suitcase and shuts it before
	rifles they carry make reloading a painfully slow process.
	algren considers this as they observe rifle practice. erratic but
	improving. algren notes yoshitaka's reaction. the rifles seem to make
	</b>                           ask him what kind of guns katsumoto has.
	</b>                           the samurai don't use guns.
	</b>                           no, ask him what kind of firearms they have.
	                           sell a shitload of american guns...and steel...and
	japanese army is on foot they stand, rifles ready.                            ,
	rifles -- others fumble at the ask and then break and run--
	those soldiers who laboriousl y try to reload their rifles are quickly
	</b>                           the crew at winchester can produce one rifle ever y
	</b>                           we gave up firearms two hundred years ago. it
	and they come to the "teeth." howitzer cannons. a row of them. artillery
	the howitzers fire in sequence. thundering blasts that shake the heavens.
	a gatling gun is revealed.
	one of the soldiers screams at him -- raises his rifle -- all the soldiers raise their rifles ­
	one of the soldiers screams at him -- raises his rifle -- all the soldiers raise their rifles ­
	one of the soldiers smacks algren in the chin with a rifle butt. algren reels,
	rifles pressed to his head.
	</b>                          you mean the gatling guns and the howitzers,
	guards with mauser rifles move into position around katsumoto. he turns to
	ten guards with rifles patrol the upper battlements.
	rifle blasts thunder --startling strobe-like bursts of light in the darkness --
	ujio fires arrows at the guards with rifles, hitting two -- but more guards with rifles are appearing, bullets
	of escape. he backs out of the wa y just in time as rifle blasts splinter
	gunfire begins to pepper the floorboards, bullets whistling past them.
	                           with rifles and fixed bayonets. mausers are only
	finally the imperial soldiers are in rifle range. they stop to fi re a volley.
	the mauser rifles flash --
	charge, screaming into the flank of the attacking army. even rifles cannot fire in
	so the giant samurai leaps forward and picks up the shooter bodily, twirling
	an imperial soldier holds up a rifle to protect himself, and ujio's blade cuts
	through the barrel. the soldier just has time to look at the gun in amazement
	</b>                            the gatling guns. quickly.
	the imperial troops fire rifles -- samurai fall .. but still they come: -- pounding
	are moving into position. their rear gates fall open ... revealing the gatiling guns.
	<b>the gatling guns
	but before the guns can open up, he is impaled by arrow after
	the gatling guns finally fire. ripping into the samurai-
	and still the gatling guns tear through them--
	a japanese officer shouts out an order -- the gatling guns stop.

War: Barry-Lyndon
-------------------
	a pair of pistols hang on each side of the picture.
	gunpowder.
	</b>	oh, it's with pistols we fight.  you
	at "three" both pistols go off.  best gives a most
		good pistols that have already done
	roderick learning the soldierly arts, musket drill, manual
	he takes two pistols out of his pockets, fires one off,
	with musket and bayonet to aid their captain.
	hear a pistol shot.  he exits rapidly, the smoking pistol
	hear a pistol shot.  he exits rapidly, the smoking pistol

War: Defiance
---------------
	</b>          where is your gun, farmer?
	</b>          i have no gun.
	<b>          where is your gun?
	</b>          running through the woods. zus raises the rifle in triumph.
	          like a gun -- kachew -- as he creeps from tree to tree.
	</b>          one pistol isn't enough. we need
	          rifles. machine guns.
	</b>          machine guns? you're going to take
	</b>          stares fixedly as avram digs his daughter's grave. the gun
	</b>          did you at least get the gun?
	          figure. he holds the pistol at his side.
	          one of the sons stands. tuvia turns the gun on him.
	          tuvia places the pistol against the man's forehead.
	          pistol from tuvia's belt. checks the cylinder.
	          first. the gunshots will give us
	          everyone remains still. zus eyes his own rifle nearby.
	</b>          come. sit. put down your guns.
	</b>          --but you need a gun to join them.
	          without a gun you are nothing.
	</b>          zus is loading wilencki's gun.
	          submachine gun dangling from his shoulder.
	          before he can get the gun off his shoulder. stabbing him
	          under his coat for a pistol. tuvia tackles him. the gun
	          for his gun, stands up in the seat and begins firing wildly
	          machine gun on the car blowing out the windows, killing the
	</b>          stupid! the gunfire could be heard
	          guns...
	          tuvia accepts it, checking the gun efficiently.
	</b>          zus rifles the pockets of the dead sergeant for ammo. he
	          tuvia pulls peretz off the road, but jacov reloads his rifle
	          jacov is cut down by a machine gun.
	          he rips the rifle from zus's hands. for a moment we think
	          rifle into a tree-trunk and takes careful aim...
	</b>          they had guns? dogs?
	          well muscled, a rifle strapped over his shoulder.
	          they leave their cover and approach warily, guns at the
	          he has two more rifles and a large box of ammunition.
	          is full. we need two guns at
	</b>          this is not a gun. it is bar
	          from the rifle and hands it back to him.
	          zus' tone is belied by the rifle in his hand.
	          bella touches the rifle in his arms.
	          having guns?
	</b>          women need guns, too.
	<b>          men with guns!
	<b>          only food and guns! follow asael!
	          the policemen enter the camp. a submachine gun rakes a
	          food, guns, etc. asael takes the iron cauldron from chaya.
	          zus's finger tightens on the trigger of his submachine gun.
	</b>          tuvia and asael pass by the barbed wire and machine-guns of
	</b>          can you repair guns?
	</b>          guns? no.
	          sewing, cooking. asael teaching them to use guns.
	          repairing guns.
	          tuvia takes a rifle from asael and holds it aloft.
	</b>          this is not a gun. it is bar
	          binoculars, then cocks the heavy machine gun.
	          of rifles and ammo. the jewish fighters join in the looting.
	          their barns with shotguns.
	          shotguns.
	          lilka holds the smoking gun in two hands. grimly, she pockets
	          (handing him the gun)
	          the machine guns out front.
	          zus grabs his submachine gun.
	          hold on tuvia's face. suddenly we hear the sound of gunfire.
	          then nothing. ten seconds. more gunfire. twenty. it is
	<b>          117a tuvia wants to help. he pulls his gun, unlocks the door. 117a
	<b>          and then takes out his pistol and shoots arkady in the chest!
	</b>          he then turns the gun on motl and the others -- they
	          man with a gun stopped me. i thought
	          (shoves a revolver
	          his rifle but holds his tongue.
	<b>          ...machine gun...
	          machine gun behind a log; lazar, miriam and rosa in the
	          the defenders return fire. levine fires the machine gun;
	</b>          tuvia hears the guns go silent. this, too, has meaning.
	          submachine gun.
	</b>          the menacing gun turning in their direction.
	          set up a heavy machine gun.
	          gun. he then turns the heavy machine gun on the infantry
	          gun. he then turns the heavy machine gun on the infantry
	          gun begins to chew up the forest, forcing tuvia to take
	          zus guns down the tank commander manning the machine gun
	          zus guns down the tank commander manning the machine gun
	          assault machine gun.
	          tuvia hands him the machine gun.
	          bella the machine gun from the tank and approaches.

War: War-Horse
----------------
	          but then she notices dad has returned. he has a gun.
	          mrs. narracott quickly pulls the gun aside.
	          dad whips the gun back towards joey to find albert standing
	          between them - right in front of the gun's barrel. for a
	          barrel of the gun. speaks calmly.
	          dad looks at him, frozen. mrs. narracott eases the gun away
	           to face a million germans guns.
	          rush towards their guns - one man pulling up his trousers
	          a machine gun. no, a line of machine guns - at least twenty
	          a machine gun. no, a line of machine guns - at least twenty
	          guns, sandbagged apart - the logical, new, modern defence of
	          the guns. all now firing.
	          the guns. the bullets keep coming, now suddenly half of the
	          horse after horse races past the guns into the woods...all of
	          the cavalry behind him. the line of machine guns fire as one,
	          rifles trained on him. a furious german officer storms over,
	          stewart looks at the officer - at the guns that surround him -
	           base camp - they will pull guns.
	           these to pull guns.
	          double execution. four rifles fire - flashes of the soldiers
	          scene of horse horror - huge, massive guns and cannons and
	          brandt steps up, pulls a revolver out of his pocket and
	          pistol shot.
	           move him up to the heavy gun, he
	          to the gun - offering himself up to save topthorn. it is his
	          as joey is hooked to the gun, he looks back to friedrich who
	          of the gun. these are several tons of cast iron - almost
	          anxiously. soldiers strain at the sides of the gun. one
	</b>          soldiers scurry around the giant gun, preparing it.
	          to the gun's breech.
	          the barrel of the giant gun ratchets upward.
	          each gun recoils violently as they shoot their shells into
	          smoke wafts from the guns as we see the explosions in the
	          fixes the brutal shining bayonet to the end of his gun.
	           you take this rifle and you shoot
	           son? you take this rifle and you
	          david now heads up the ladder first. gun fire overhead,
	          immediately machine gun fire whistles past, we hear the
	          so dives into it for a moment's reprieve from the gun fire.
	          with his gun pointed towards them. they slow down - in the
	          time seems to slow down - andrew shifts his gun from pointing
	          barrage of machine gun fire all around him.
	          to see a german machine gun position to his right. bullets
	          shell hole. now he's very close to the machine gun position.
	          grenade at the machine gunner. we see the explosion and the
	          machine gun stop. albert sprints over the top again and makes
	          masked german holding a rifle on him.
	          albert spins round, his bayonetted rifle in front of him,
	          albert to whirl with his rifle raised.
	          their guns and helmets. an officer charges down the bank next
	          the second german cocks his rifle and starts to take aim.
	          fry, takes his gun from his holster, checks that it's loaded.
	          the sergeant turns joey's head back around, raises his pistol

War: Deer-Hunter,-The
-----------------------
	nick grins, takes down his rifle and begins wiping the oil
	vince, whose rifle is fully loaded, slams a shell into the
	in the back with rifle butts. one of the soldiers emerges
	a cry comes from the hut. there is the thud of a rifle butt
	is a single-action .45 caliber revolver with an american
	vietnamese a final cuff, takes up the revolver with a
	containing the single bullet, he points the revolver at the
	revolver goes off with a roar. bits of thatch flutter down
	the v.c. in charge now reloads the revolver with one
	cartridge, snaps the cylinder shut, puts the gun on the table
	the revolver slows and finally comes to a stop pointing at
	merle places the revolver back on the table and pushes it
	the gun in his hand. he spins the cylinder, cocks the hammer
	and puts the gun to his temple. the gun weaves around.
	and puts the gun to his temple. the gun weaves around.
	merle takes the revolver again. he spins it, cocks it -- all
	merle pushes the gun back across the table. this time the
	<b>there is a roar. the pistol is flying in the air and then the
	holds the pistol by his chin, spins the cylinder. his face is
	nick raises the pistol to his temple, clicks out. the guards
	murmur. nick pushes the pistol across the table.
	sal looks down. the pistol is ending its spin and the muzzle
	vietnamese stares at the gun and tears begin to fill his
	vietnamese picks up the gun, fumbles the cylinder around,
	</b>	more bullets in the gun?
		more bullets in the gun... the
		guard and get his gun.
	one of them lets off a blast of automatic rifle fire which
	smash them with their rifle butts, screaming orders. in the
	revolver in the guard's hand and screaming.
	nick puts the revolver against his temple and pulls the
	nick puts the revolver back on the table. his hand is shaking
			(throws the revolver on
	the guard in charge places the revolver on the table, spins
	merle places the revolver to his temple... and clicks into an
	he pushes the gun across to nick. then he stabs his finger at
		chamber in the gun!
	nick looks down at the revolver and picks it up. he stares at
	nick pushes the revolver across the table. his face is
	merle stares at the revolver -- stares at it with an
	revolver in his hand and pulls it toward him, as if he no
	pushes himself to his feet. the gun is still on the table,
	merle snaps the revolver level in his hand and blasts the
	they gun the remaining guards to the floor.
	forward, unslings his rifle and opens fire.
	gun fire and mortars are coming in nearby. medvac helicopters
	handled revolver and he cocks the hammer with an audible
	watches, then he jams the gun in his pants and stands.
	there is the sharp report of a pistol shot and then, as nick
	</b>	show him the gun. hey, show him the
		gun, vince.
	nick swings his pack on his back, picks up his rifle and
	single file. john and albert raise their rifles and fire. two
	leans his rifle on the horns of one of the fallen deer.
	come out of the woods. the deer is rattled by the gunfire and
	peers at vince uncertainly. vince spins and grabs his gun,
	chamber and scrambles to his feet but the rifle sling is
	shoe and the barrel of his rifle is jammed up with mud and
	deer wheels out on the highway. vince heaves his rifle at the
	a dull click. vince jams his pistol back in his holster.
	</b>	gun! gimme gun!!!
	</b>	gun! gimme gun!!!
	nick pushes himself to his feet, raises his rifle and sights
	</b>	then what's the gun for! what's
	</b>	in case!!! the gun's in case!!!
	vince is sheet-white, trembling. he grabs up the pistol and
	the pistol in disbelief. suddenly he springs, seizes the gun
	the pistol in disbelief. suddenly he springs, seizes the gun
	nick looks at him, then he empties the pistol into the floor.
	listening to the wind. he looks down at the pistol again,
	removes his pistol and jams it in his belt.
	the back door to the building is open. nick draws his pistol
	the referee places the pistol back in the center of the table
	nick turns. the second contestant has the pistol to his
	temple. he pulls the trigger... the gun goes off with a

War: Last-of-the-Mohicans,-The
--------------------------------
		wampum belt holding a tomahawk and a large knife. a long rifle in which is 
	<b>	hawkeye's pov: rack focus through the gun sight
		five feet and fourteen pounds of rifle is elevated a half inch and shifted left, 
		appears warily, musket in hand. 
		the stocks of their brown bess muskets in unison. these men are drilling in preparation
		like a single shot, two hundred fifty black powder muskets fire .65 caliber lead shot at
		three cradle their long guns and move silently on moccasined feet. 
		thirteen muskets explode from the wooded rise. 
		a musket volley as eight muskets go off as one shot, sending a lead scythe through
		a musket volley as eight muskets go off as one shot, sending a lead scythe through
		war clubs and point-blank musket fire. 
		thrust and slams heyward with his rifle butt. 
		remember it. he raises his musket and aims at ... 
		shifts. the .65 caliber musket ball rockets past his ear and he's already squeezing
		from magua's musket blast clears. magua's gone. he almost shape-shifted, it happened
		in the confused melee, grabs a found musket and aims it at an indian. we recognize that
	<b>	heyward's musket
		he's drawn his sword, reflexively. hawkeye flips the musket around one-handed. it's
				miles ... find yourself a musket ... 
		danger & complexity of this place. she hands the pistol back to him. their hands almost
	<b>	english gun crew
	<b>	english gun crew
		excited. colonial militia and mohawk snipers fire their rifles. the british gun crew
		earth, shredding the english gun crew with cannister. the english fight stubbornly, but
		we feel they're outgunned. meanwhile ... 
		wounded men. just then a mortar is fired and explodes, killing the gun crew. on the
				 logistics are his guns are bigger than mine 
		braceful of pistols on a sash. inside is simple campaign furniture and a six by eight foot
		including captain jack. stacked rifles are against the casement. we don't know why.
		each rifle is within reach of hawkeye's hand. hawkeye is taking extra care loading
		two pistols are holstered in a sash around his chest. he wears no hat and carries no
		now handed already-loaded, primed and cocked rifles while the four men behind them
		judges wind, elevates the long rifle ... and fires at us. 
		their muskets aimed mostly at hawkeye.
		torchlight with the long muskets and bayonets are an image out of goya. 
				sooner french guns blow the english army
		they carried two hundred and forty-five bateaux across a ten mile portage, all their
		silver is in his ears. his tomahawk is in his left hand. his cut-down musket in his right
		raises his musket in his fist and emits a war whoop. we now see ... hundreds have
		of musket fire, war whoops and screams as ... 
		as the line of muskets belch smoke and fire ... 
		from both sides. (important: the combined musket fire of hurons, english and
		using their useless muskets as clubs or with fixed bayonets - as the smoke and fog
		struggle with hurons. cora's dress is torn. she holds alice to her. there's a pistol in
		an iron grip. his right hand pulls his horse pistol and under his upraised arm fires
		musket into the man's chest, sending the ramrod through him. then heyward's shot in
		dazed. barely able to stand. he uses the musket as a cane and ...
		side by musket fire. one of the rangers is shot, the other wounded. hurons attack. the
		smashing his war club straight down on a huron, reaches for the man's musket and
		have emerged from the smoke ten feet from them. heyward's aiming a horse pistol at
		heyward's a hair's breadth from firing. suddenly they hear the boom of muskets and
		is indifferent to huron musket balls. hawkeye hasn't stopped paddling and pays
		around his leg. he lowers the gun. 
		musket balls ricochet on the water's surface. one rips a hole through the bow.
		heyward digs in. like firecrackers in the distance, huron muskets sound. a new hail
		of musket balls cut the fabric of the canoes. one redcoat is shot in the back. he falls
		more huron musket balls hit water nearby. 
		musket range. 
		edge, his tomahawk in front of him, his musket near his right hand. there is no sign she
		musket is exposed. many scalps are tied to his tomahawk. he walks towards us
				send your arrows and guns to the seneca, 
		uncas sees magua's direction. uncas touches his father, grabs his musket and races off.
		two's musket coming up. uncas swings. fires. before he's fallen, uncas bayonets
		musket falls. before it hits the ground his tomahawk is out and hacks four over the

War: Four-Feathers
--------------------
	</p><p><p id="act">the sound of guns echoes in the distance. harry looks up. his face is unshaven, his eyes glassy from lack of sleep. another volley sounds outside. harry gets off the floor and walks over. as he does so we see the piles of newspapers that have gathered on his floor over the past few weeks. 
	</p><p><p id="act">the regimental guns boom outside. harry opens the window. he wants to hear them more clearly. he wants to be reminded of his shame.
	<p id="dia">maybe i'll come back sooner than i think -- hear the guns booming off the african coast, and take the first ship home.
	</p><p><p id="act">as the camels tread their way through the sun baked shingles a ghostly fortress appears on the horizon. the men start loading their rifles instinctively.
	</p><p><p id="act">the sniper's bullet rings out and sends one of the animals crashing to the dirt. the men start to run now, seeking shelter in the surrounding hutments. the sniper's gun rings out repeatedly.
	</p><p><p id="act">durrance has a clear view on the sniper's tower now. from below he can see the man's rifle edge out, fire, and then withdraw. durrance heads quietly towards the tower stairs.
	</p><p><p id="act">several of the steps are missing from the rickety stairway. durrance climbs over them as lightly as he can. up above he can hear the sniper's rifle ringing out. 
	</p><p><p id="act">the rider turns and charges out of the camp. the corporal blows a whistle, reaching for his gun, firing after them. castelton stares at the disappearing figures, wondering if what he saw was real, or a figment of his troubled conscience. 
	<p id="dia">we'd better get the gatling gun out.
	</p><p><p id="act">the grenadier guards are crouched in formation, rifles ready. trench changes position, asking one of the other soldiers to swap with him, settling down next to castelton.
	</p><p><p id="act">the british camp is shrouded in gunsmoke, flashes of orange light bursting through, the gatling gun wreaking havoc.
	</p><p><p id="act">the british camp is shrouded in gunsmoke, flashes of orange light bursting through, the gatling gun wreaking havoc.
	</p><p><p id="act">enemy bullets crackle past durrance's head, but he doesn't seem to notice. through the smoke and dust he sees hundreds of enemy dead, lying in blood smeared heaps. the dervish onslaught is less sustained now. the occasional straggler appears out of the haze and is blown away by a burst of gunfire. suddenly durrance hears the sound of a bugle.
	</p><p><p id="act">durrance stares curiously as a flicker of sunlight streaks across the heads of the distant riders. he watches the approaching dust cloud, wondering why it's coming at them so fast. slowly he begins to make out the first figures. something about them isn't right. their uniforms hang too loosely. they ride too far apart. he reaches for his gun.
	</p><p><p id="act">harry sees durrance aiming his rifle, a moment too late. the gunshot sends his horse spinning to the ground. he feels the weight of the animal pin him down. as he looks up he sees the dervish riders riding over him, letting their arrows fly.
	</p><p><p id="act">the sky above flickers with light as the arrows catch the sun. the steel shafts hurtle down, plunging into exposed eyes and throats. all around him castelton sees soldiers totter and fall, arrows sticking out of them like quills. he pulls out his revolver and starts firing at the onrushing horses.
	</p><p><p id="act">castelton and trench fire at the charging horses. as they fall, the other grenadiers take courage, and rush at their riders, bringing them down in a volley of gunfire. the soldiers clamber over the dead bodies and link up with the rest of their square.
	</p><p><p id="act">castelton doesn't hear him. his parade ground training is taking over. he lowers the rifle and fixes a bayonet on it. 
	</p><p><p id="act">durrance charges out of the british square as he sees his friends fall, firing round after round into the enemy ranks. every time his gun empties, he picks up another from a dead soldier, and keeps going. 
	</p><p><p id="act">durrance charges towards the enemy, firing into their massed ranks, oblivious to any danger. one of his guns jams. durrance keeps pressing the trigger. the gun suddenly backfires and blows up in his face.
	</p><p><p id="act">durrance charges towards the enemy, firing into their massed ranks, oblivious to any danger. one of his guns jams. durrance keeps pressing the trigger. the gun suddenly backfires and blows up in his face.
	</p><p><p id="act">hassan aims the pistol with his good hand. he's about to squeeze the trigger, when there's a loud explosion from the opposite shore. a bullet smashes through his skull and hurls him into the water. 
	</p><p><p id="act">two bullets spin abou fatma round, grazing him in the leg, knocking the rifle out of his hand. limping as fast as he can, he takes cover behind the camels.

War: Valkyrie
---------------
	</b>       your pistol please.
	oh shit. tresckow plays it cool, removing his pistol
	     notices brandt's pistol sitting within arm's reach. a
	fighter planes strafe with machine-guns. artillery
	dozens are gunned down by the assailing fighters. the
	     fraulein oven gasps. tresckow turns, pistol drawn.
	     machine gun nests, trenches, land mines.                         
	     pistols from haeften and the driver. stauffenberg              
	     identification and takes their pistols before
	      forty-five precious minutes have slipped away.
	      - pistols raised, blocking the general's path. with
	      troops coming down the hallway. he takes a pistol
	      remer sees the pistol on goebbels desk. but goebbels
	      sub-machine guns, pistols, grenades...
	      stauffenberg clamps his pistol under the stump of his
	      good arm. he drops his gun, bleeding badly.                       
	      guns. boot-steps approach loudly o.s.                             
	      last of the conspiracy, are held at gunpoint. a smug
	      remer and numerous gun-toting officers.                           
	places the gun to his temple.
	      own men burst into his office, rifles raised.                  
	      fromm drops his hand. ten rifles open fire.                       

War: Coriolanus
-----------------
	          of the city. the steady crack and rattle of gunfire. the
	          martius leads -- firing stead bursts from his machine gun--
	          firing a heavy machine gun...
	          the heavy machine gun is empty, we drop it and use a sidearm,
	          then the pistol is empty, we drop it and pull a machete-like
	          nearby. then gunfire. bullets shatter windows. the volscians
	          pulling guns -- alarmed--
	          the volscians react. guns are raised, fingers tight on
	          of the city. we see military hardware. guns. missile
	          a gunslinger walking down main street.
	          and clubs -- finally emptying pistols him into him--

War: Three-Kings
------------------
	     over his head, then puts it down and picks up a gun. troy
	<b>     pov through rifle scope
	     loud, as he pulls trigger slowly.  slow motion rifle sound.
	     rasping, a flag is clasped in one hand; a rifle in the other.
	     music blasts.  two soldiers fire their fingers like pistols
	     vig whips out his big thunder 5 pistol and points it in their
	     the iraqis wail for mercy. troy pushes vig's pistol away.
	     vig points the big pistol at an older iraqi officer who is
	     vig fires his pistols with fury at a series of stuffed
	     pow pow pow, vig fires his big pistol into the desert.
	     mounted 60 mm machine gun, a bart simpson doll on the grill.
	     pistol and misses the ball as it bounces to the desert.
	     doc throws a ball. vig fires his giant pistol twice and
	</b>               this gun's too heavy to shoot
	     wear white anti-gas suits and hold pistols and drink from
	     they sit in the humvee and hold their pistols ready.
	     doc jump out, pistols drawn, flank the cow --
	     archie takes vig's big pistol and empties the shells and puts
	               typical of all gunshot wounds. the
	     troy and doc leap from the humvee with pistols drawn and
	     guns and put the iraqis face down on the ground. troy and doc
	     doc points his pistol in the iraqi's face.
	     they point their guns. it's a show. archie holds the map.
	     30 rock-throwing shiite scatter at the gunfire. two men fall
	     their rifles as they come towards vig, when suddenly two of
	     the shiite riding shotgun fires back, as the windshield
	     troy and doc point their guns in the crowd.
	     <u>points his pistol at smithson.</u>
	     troy and doc leap out, hold pistols out at arm's length as
	     they accost two iraqi soldiers pointing rifles at them.
	     archie runs down a narrow cement corridor, pistol held at
	     troy and doc, pistols drawn.
	     archie and troy burst in, pointing their guns aggressively.
	     off with his pistol --
	     troy has one rifle iraqi on the ground, but the second is on
	<b>                         rifle iraqi #2
	     takes the pistol out of his hand. troy watches.
	     room and points his pistol in the captain's face.
	     vig keeps the two cuffed iraqi guards on the ground at gun
	     suddenly an iraqi armored truck with a mounted machine gun
	     archie puts his pistol in the man's face.
	     <u>their pistols.</u> troy points his gun at iraqi 6, who has come
	     mans the mounted machine gun in the rear of the hummer.
	     troy, doc, vig point their guns. the iraqi major is pissed.
	     down on the ground, and throws the soldier's gun away. archie
	     the iraqi major raises his machine gun as he stands next to
	     troy looks scared as he points his pistol at the iraqi
	     soldiers, who point their rifles back at troy and doc.
	     machine gun, with archie's hand, against the humvee.
	     vig nervously swings the mounted machine gun from one iraqi
	     point their rifles at the americans.
	     whip pan to iraqi 6 jerks his rifle toward archie and fires.
	     slightly slow motion: whip pan from iraqi rifle to archie.
	     regular speed: vig swings the mounted machine gun from one
	     slightly slow motion: vig swings the mounted machine gun and
	</b>     exploding from the gun.
	     slow motion: archie jams his pistol under the major's chin
	     and fires -- the only sound is the. slow explosion of the gun,
	     vig nervously swings the mounted machine gun back and forth.
	     shirt: there's a gunshot in his kevlar vest. the slug drops
	     vig swings the mounted machine gun toward the three remaining
	     doc takes the iraqi soldiers' guns and pushes them down.
	     troy displays the gunshot in the kevlar.
	     disinfectant over archie's gunshot wound in his lower left
	     gunshot rings out, a soldier is hit in the arm.
	     whip pan to a shiite boy with an old rifle in the third floor
	     iraqi soldiers. troy reaches for his pistol and it is ripped
	     archie, doc, and vig look disoriented, point their pistols
	     a gun shot rings out. the iraqis turn to look.
	     pan to 7 shiites with rifles climb the unmanned iraqi tank.
	     shiites rebels sit on top of the captured tank with rifles as
	</b>               you need some guns, right? you
	</b>               yeah, we need some guns.
	               got training and guns from america.
	     old pistols and rifles are pulled out.
	     old pistols and rifles are pulled out.
	     no response. suddenly vig's pistol fires.
	     his gunshot blows a hole in the iraqi truck -- which deflates
	               scared when there's guns around.
	     imam, and a handful of shiite gunmen. they get into the cars.
	     guards point their guns at vig and the shiite and they run
	     locked, his pistol sits inside on the front seat. a gunshot
	     locked, his pistol sits inside on the front seat. a gunshot
	     gunmen from firing, but they fire anyway and 3 iraqis fire
	     he reaches out and holds the rifle of a shiite. everyone
	     stops firing, slowly the iraqis drop their guns. doc has wet
	     fire with machine guns --
	     machine gun fire from the chopper. shiites fire rifles up at
	     machine gun fire from the chopper. shiites fire rifles up at
	     hit in the head, thrown by the force of the gunshot into vig,
	     in the chest, then the other -- the only sound is the gun
	     thigh. the only sound is gun shooting, flesh tearing --
	     down at the interrogator on the floor, points the pistol into
	     watches, out of breath. troy fires the gun just to the side
	     lowers the gun.
	     pistol ready. doc holds the football, troy holds the lighter.
	     bunker, and aims an old rifle at the chopper.
	     gunshots ring off the side of the chopper, chipping plastic.
	     archie fires his pistol as he goes out the door with troy,
	     weapons. troy and doc take rifles from wounded iraqis.
	     doc nervously scans the area with his pistol pointed.
	     ground from behind and twists the gun away. doc binds the
	     archie pulls pistols from the bloody bodies of the two iraqis
	     he points his pistol at imam.
	     his pistol at imam.
	     rifle shot rings out, troy jumps.
	     as archie and doc continue to hit him with gunfire.
	     doc looks around frantically with his pistol pointed. archie
	     <u>a gunshot rings out and -- slightly slow motion -- hits troy</u>
	     a gunshot sounds -- archie turns and looks over --
	     five shiite rifle men chase down and shoot, at 30 yards, the
	     last iraqi gunner in the desert.
	     <u>archie sadly takes vig's big pistol from vig's clenched hand.</u>
	     watch the convoy approaching -- they hold their guns ready.
	     archie stands in the front of the humvee with a rifle at his
	     5 u.s.drivers get out with their rifles ready. they release
	     man the mounted machine gun on the humvee. iraqi soldiers on
	     holding their machine guns.
	     pov through iraqi gun sight -- cross hairs pan from doc, to
	     walk three abreast, 7 feet apart, rifles ready.
	     the shiites on either side, rifles ready.
	     havichon in the humvee swings the mounted gun up to the
	     fires his pistol into the air.

War: Men-Who-Stare-at-Goats,-The
----------------------------------
	                         anti-aircraft guns at us...
	</b>                                 (over the gun-fire)
	               then opens his coat to reveal the magnum .45 strapped to
	               bill smiles nervously. an arrow identifies the gunman as
	               he suddenly notices the young iraqi is holding a handgun.
	                         got guns!
	                         fight with guns. we fight with our
	               takes out a handgun and levels it at lyn.
	               the young iraqi points the gun at bob who starts to walk
	               own gun out and aims at lyn. the tension builds. suddenly
	               the insurgent's gun and is aiming it at him.
	               showily, machine guns ready.
	               guns raised to cover the line of cars. there are howls of
	</b>                as machine-gun fire from across the street strafes the
	                street, amongst the crowd of iraqis fleeing the gunfire
	                gunshots fill the room. norm's naked legs stride past
	</b>                             norm? give me the gun, norm.
	                norm starts to cry. then he puts the gun into his
	                             leg with a bolt gun and then a
	                a soldier stares doubtfully down at the dog, bolt-gun in
	                          firing heavy machine guns." we've
	                arms raised, in the gun turret.
	                larry stands in front of them, a gun in his hand, his
	</b>                          give me the gun larry.
	                larry starts to raise the gun to his mouth. pauses.

War: Battle-of-Algiers,-The
-----------------------------
		ready in a semicircle with machine guns in firing position.
	</b>	the para nears the front door, his legs wide open, his machine gun, 
	</b><b> 	machine gun fire.
	</b>	he moves the gun barrel in a circular direction. 
		marc and the captain have their machine guns ready. the captain goes 
			machine guns are ready to fire -- you 
		the revolver in ali's right hand.
		the revolver aimed.
	</b><b>	several clicks. revolver empty. 
		ali rolls the gun barrel; it is empty.
	</b>	ali is ready to jump, throws away the gun, and starts to move forward.
		the revolver and hidden it again in her basket. 
		ali steps aside, and releases a blast of machine-gun fire.
	</b>	the barrel of the machine gun is visible through the opening in his 
		sub-machine gun appears.
		takes his pistol, then gets up pulling the gun with him. the gun is 
		takes his pistol, then gets up pulling the gun with him. the gun is 
	<b>	machine-gun fire interrupted by single shots. 
		the dead soldier. he grabs the machine gun and retraces his steps. the 
	</b><b>	machine-gun fire.
	</b>	the policeman reacts quickly and tries to draw his gun. but the 
		revolvers, and carry at their sides a machine gun and two sub-machine 
		guns that they have taken from the armory. other cries and shots are 
	</b>	the right door opens and there is a burst of machine-gun fire. one of 
	</b><b>	machine-gun fire.
		one of the algerians points a revolver at the attendant, and tells him 
			street at el biar. weapon: revolver 7.75.
			for the cures of gunshot wounds, can be 
			of gunshot wounds."
		guns. the europeans are not requested to show identity papers.
		veil. he finds a revolver which is hung by a cord, and grabs it. they 
	</b>	the algerian has hidden the revolver in the woman's veil. the two 
	</b>	he has in his hand the bunch of mint; a revolver is hidden among the 
		revolver among the other herbs, and moves away in the midst of the
		duty with helmet and machine gun. the policeman jumps to attention and 
		points a revolver at the officer's back, and shoots.
		holding a machine gun which hangs from his shoulders. he greets them.
	</b>	djamila, the girl who in january, in rue random, gave the revolver to 
		machine guns, bazookas, crew-cuts, the eyes of singing boys, silent 
	</b>	using the barrel of his machine gun, a soldier has closed the box. a 
		and policemen with cold faces, immobile -- helmets and machine guns --
	</b>	kader has taken a machine gun from one of the basins, and he tosses it 
		they go out on the terrace. ali releases the catch of his machine gun 
	</b>	a youth steps out from the shadows. he too is carrying a machine gun, 
		doors are beaten down, shots, screams, rifle fire, machine gun fire; 
		doors are beaten down, shots, screams, rifle fire, machine gun fire; 
		sitting on both sides with their legs dangling out, their machine guns 
		with machine-gun butts, the counters, the shelves, flung into the air, 
		in every truck there are two paras carrying machine guns by their 
		a burst of machine-gun fire, then another.
		first regiment continue to guard them with pointed machine guns ...
		all of them have machine guns. ramel is very tall and robust, about 
		glance ironical. there are two paras behind him with machine guns 
	</b>	the casbah is patrolled by paratroopers; helmets, machine guns, 
		the casbah with large numbers. from time to time, machine-gun fire is 
	</b><b>	machine-gun fire.
		and machine-gun fire are heard. and moving nearer ...
		the wall, while paras guard them with pointed machine guns.
		he clutches it desperately. the other has a machine gun. he makes a 
	</b>	there is no more ammunition. the machine gun is thrown in the back of 
		clutch their machine guns. there is a strange silence. then a movement 
		time to time they release a burst of machine gun fire.
		guns are lying on the ground. meanwhile, mourad has begun to count to 
		attentive, ready, with machine guns clutched by their sides.
		near to kader who is inspecting the magazine of his machine gun.
		machine gun on the table.
		gun.
	</b>	ali sits down, at the table, moves the machine gun away from omar, and 
		machine gun by his side. his eyes are open, and he is listening to the 
	<b>	machine-gun fire. 
	</b>	four paras are ready with their machine guns aimed at the hiding place. 
		out. the four paras with machine guns are still in the room.
		the first revolver shots resound in the streets, from the windows. some 
	</b>	the jeeps, the trucks, the sirens, the tear-gas bombs, machine gun 
		machine gunner fires the first burst at point-blank. 
