
Adventure: 30-Minutes-or-Less
-------------------------------
	          he makes his fingers into a gun, puts it to his head...pulls
	</b>           stop! we got a gun, you asshole!
	          will stiffens. for emphasis, dwayne reveals the gun tucked
	           use your brain and go get a gun.
	          dwayne pulls out the gun and fires two shots at will's feet.
	           that was a replica gun.
	</b>           we didn't discuss a loaded gun!
	           bust in. masks. guns. move fast.
	</b>           should we go with the handguns...or
	</b>           handguns.
	          chet touches up one of the guns, goes to flip it over.
	          will hops out of the car. he rifles through the walmart bag.
	          will levels the pistol -
	          turns back to mr. fisher and gestures violently with the gun -
	          pistol tucked into their pants.
	          will and chet burst through the bank doors, guns in hand.
	          will and chet are on an adrenaline high, waving their guns
	          his gun right at him.
	</b>           very slowly, take out your gun and
	          the guard takes out his gun, lays it on the ground and shoves
	          it away. the gun slides across the waxed floor and -
	</b>           oh, god! i don't want the gun!
	</b>           no! please take this gun away!
	          the mom slides the gun away like it were on fire. it skids
	</b>           fuck you! who slides a gun like that!?
	          and levels his gun. the guys reflexively level theirs.
	</b>           drop the guns or i'll have to!
	          his gun, rips open his jacket and grabs a cluster of wires.
	</b>           fuck you! you just brought a gun to
	           ten seconds to drop your gun and -
	          in an instant, vaughn has his gun out, aimed at will's head.
	          juicy looks on with interest as vaughn holds will at gunpoint.
	          gun arm smashed by the pipe. the weapon drops from his hand.
	          will grabs the money. chet kicks vaughn's gun into the
	          dwayne lowers his head. he removes the gun from his
	          dwayne takes the gun. struggles to stand. jay helps him.
	          gun is plainly visible, tucked into the front of his pants.
	          nothing. the major gets up and goes to a desk, rifles through
	          the major turns to find vaughn pointing a gun at him.
	          vaughn pulls back the hammer of his gun.
	          actually a pen gun. it fires a .22 caliber round into vaughn's
	          neck. he drops the gun and clutches the geyser of blood.
	          vaughn reaches for his gun. his fingers curl around it and
	          vaughn scrambles to his feet, gun pointed at the felled major.
	          vaughn rifles through the cabinets, dumps all of the first
	          takes out his gun and blows it open.
	          his gun. water spills out and the chinese fighting fish flop
	           (gestures to gun in his belt)
	           a gun pointed at you, too.
	          butt of his gun. he goes down hard. kate screams. vaughn
	          points the gun at her and she shuts up.
	          gun at him.
	          what spewing from his mouth. vaughn levels his gun -
	          will looks over at dwayne, who pulls out his gun and takes

Adventure: Mummy,-The
-----------------------
	               beni pulls out his pistol and chucks it to o'connell.
	               o'connell slides it into his belt, next to his own revolver
	               the tuaregs set their rifles and take aim. o'connell steels 
	               the legionnaires on the ground fire. the rifles report with 
	               o'connell grabs the barrel of his rifle and starts clubbing 
	               o'connell throws his rifle down and goes for his guns. he 
	               o'connell throws his rifle down and goes for his guns. he 
	               cross-draws, gun in each hand, starts blowing riders off 
	               him. o'connell's guns go empty.
	               vicious tuaregs raise their rifles to finish him off.
	               revolvers, pistols, hunting knives, a massive elephant gun, 
	               dismantling and cleaning the guns.
	               o'connell, cleaning his guns, just shrugs his shoulders.
	               door is kicked open. o'connell bursts in, gun in each hand.
	               fires a gun. woodchips blast off the wall next to o'connell's 
	               other side of the paddock. he and o'connell exchange gunfire.
	               guns in every hand, fanning their pistols, shooting everything 
	               o'connell quickly draws his gun. jonathan gently nudges him.
	               behind him. and closer. o'connell raises his gun. and closer!
	               it's just the americans, their guns are up, cocked and aimed.
	               but nobody lowers their guns. daniels grins, the tough one.
	               out of the shadows, -- all holding guns aimed at o'connell.
	               o'connell gives him a sideways glance. beni cocks his gun, 
	               evelyn gently takes o'connell's gun hand and pulls it down.
	               beni and the americans slowly lower their guns, laughing.
	               his gun, aims it at three of the diggers. the three diggers 
	               guns pointed at the floor. the egyptologist could care less, 
	               a barage of gunfire is heard coming from the american camp.
	               o'connell jumps up and throws the elephant gun to evelyn.
	               gets up and runs after him. jonathan grabs a gun, holds the 
	               gun, -- blam! blows the rider off his mount and catapults 
	               hits his gun, -- ching! o'connell's gun flips away. disarmed, 
	               hits his gun, -- ching! o'connell's gun flips away. disarmed, 
	                         a gunfighter! mister o'connell but 
	               secret compartment. henderson and burns hold guns on them.
	</b>                         where's my gun?
	               the vapor is settling. the americans have their guns aimed 
	               then blasts him with the elephant gun, --blam! through the 
	               armed mumia. the mumia quickly raise their guns. o'connell 
	               beni slowly backs up around anubis, eyes wide, gun up. he 
	               away and opens fire. six gunshots perforate imhotep, but 
	               mummy guts from oozing out of the large shotgun hole in his 
	               side. beni drops his gun and grabs at the chains around his 
	               gun.
	               o'connell and the american's quickly draw their guns. ardeth 
	               everybody tenses, guns up. then o'connell uncocks his .38.
	               he slides his gun back into his shoulder-holster.
	               jonathan aims his gun at the window, his hand shaking badly.
	               corner, firing his pistol into the hideous rabble, killing 
	               several, keeping them at bay. his gun goes empty, click! 
	               the gunner's compartment. jonathan is strapped spread-eagle 
	               o'connell grabs the lewis machine-gun, cocks the bracket and 
	               out of the gunner's compartment. the left wing is jammed 
	               the gunner's compartment and tears the lewis gun off it's 
	               the gunner's compartment and tears the lewis gun off it's 
	               mount. he throws the machine-gun over one shoulder, a 
	               rifle into her back and pushes her forward.
	               o'connell pulls out his gun and blows it away, -- blam!
	               the gunshot echoes into the cemetery as imhotep, evelyn and 
	               holds his gun on her, translating:
	               gun. fires. the bullet strikes the disk's pedestal, spinning 
	               o'connell pulls the elephant gun out of his gunny-sack.
	               o'connell fires the elephant gun. smoke and flame shoot out.
	               o'connell pumps the gun, the huge spent cartridge flips 
	               imhotep turns from the altar as he hears more gunshots echoing 
	               o'connell lifts the elephant gun. ardeth ray stops him.
	               ardeth ray opens up with the lewis gun. blasting the shit 
	               o'connell opens fire with the elephant gun, pumping and firing 
	               the elephant gun fires, blasting flame and smoke right into 
	               he throws the machine-gun down and they all race into --
	               ardeth ray grabs the elephant gun and a handful of shells 
	               the elephant gun goes empty. ardeth ray takes it by the barrel 

Adventure: TRON-Legacy
------------------------
	      the x-takk's negabyte blaster and mows down three x-takks,
	      x-takks fire negabyte blasters - but many of the beams are
	      krod, fighters and i-beem have arrived, firing blasters at

Adventure: G.I.-Joe-The-Rise-of-Cobra
---------------------------------------
	          the guards unlock his cell door, matchlock muskets at the
	          behind him. mccullen is briefing twenty-two nato military
	          guys in back, remotely panning a rooftop dual machine gun.
	          thrusters. it's a next-gen "typhoon" gunship.
	          guns. but the rounds bounce off the typhoon's angled armor.
	          turret, but the typhoon guns them down and fires again. the
	          pulse rifles crush the soldiers' bodies, armor and all, and
	          pack. another shot from a pulse rifle punches the grenade six
	</b>          ana flips the pistols back into her holsters as a viper blows
	          first viper's gun barrel, giving duke an apologetic look.
	          away to reach with his sword. he quick-draws a glock pistol.
	          but scarlett's crossbow pistol viewfinder snapped an image of
	          holding a dual machine gun/grenade launcher. only a man this
	          the typhoon's mini-gun quickly shoots them out of the air.
	          gunfire her way. ana zigs, zags, and dives into the typhoon,
	          duke, who whirls around at them, pistol up, eyes wild.
	          duke swivels his gun to breaker's head. breaker flinches.
	          rip spins the twin barrels of a caseless submachine gun on
	          submachine gun with six hundred
	          that thing in forty-five seconds?
	          into her crossbow pistol and hands it to him.
	          swords. one slices the barrel of the pistol clean off, the
	          pistol and blasts away. heavy duty dives behind cover, which
	          case. suddenly, duke and ripcord rush up behind them, guns
	          rip trains his gun on storm shadow.
	          she takes another step. duke levels his pistol right at her
	          trigger. ripcord, gun drawn and fixed on storm shadow, moves
	          at ripcord, slicing his pistol in half with one sword and
	          shot tears the crossbow pistol out of scarlett's hands.
	          pistol is knocked free. ana grabs a second pistol, but
	          --and fly up through the hole where their typhoon gunship
	          gunfire bursts around them as ripcord pulls duke away from
	          removes a glock pistol from his belt and shoots a technician.
	          removes a glock pistol from his belt and shoots a technician.
	          terminal next to him. in the back, snake-eyes loads his guns
	          with his pulse rifle and blasts the whole shed to pieces.
	          ana leans out of her window and fires her pulse pistols at
	          under the scarab, snake-eyes pulls out his glock pistol and
	          under the scarab, snake-eyes pulls out his glock pistol and
	          security guards draw their pistols and start shooting at duke
	          gun on them but storm shadow snatches the weapon out of the
	          defensive as they hurry up to the stairway. guns go up.
	          pistol as if to shoot him. snake-eyes glares defiantly at
	          storm shadow who just grins and lowers his gun at the
	          in the skies: the typhoon gunship rockets towards the top of
	          in the typhoon: the gunship rocks with his sudden weight.
	           crashes through t deck. gunfire over the french
	          a really big gun.
	          the soldiers round a corner, suddenly, rex hears gunfire, he
	          a jam in his machine gun. as he clears the weapon and raises
	          there is a scuffling noise, rex points his gun. a small,
	          his gun up, he finds a computer terminal and begins accessing
	          and two neo-vipers beside him, their rifles on duke and ana.
	          duke recovers and angrily grabs one of ana's pistols and
	          kills the two neo-vipers, then turns the gun on the others.
	          the grounds of the arishikage temple, where two twenty-two
	          pistol and kills the other agents and staff. we see an
	          viper holds his pistol on the president as--
	          pistol on the doctor, ana still in duke's arms.
	          the pulse pistol at it. the intense air blast from the pulse
	          pistol catches the flames midway between them and blows them
	          above washington, ripcord guns his aircraft after the falling
	          he guns his engines, firing at a mantis attack craft. it

Adventure: Avatar
-------------------
	</b>          at the corners are towers with automated sentry guns
	</b>          visible beyond the gun towers, the valkyrie shuttle roars in
	          heavily armed, they are at-99 "scorpion" gunships.
	          of feet high.   a sentry gun opens fire from a tower. tracers
	                    guns on them.
	          several sa-2 samson work-horses outfitted with door guns and
	                    i'm gonna need you on a door gun, i'm a
	          wainfleet, in exo-mask and body armor, leans on his door gun,
	          jake mans the other door gun, his feet propped on the skids.
	          in on the gorge below like it's a gun-run.
	</b>          jake pulls the massive door gun off its pintle mount and
	                    one idiot with a gun's enough.
	          react and move like animals. jake white-knuckles his rifle
	          rifle is snatched out of his hands. the beast screeches an
	</b>                    i saw one take out a gunship once --
	          gunshots. jake presses hard, and tsu'tey staggers back,
	</b>                    sec-ops is rolling the gunships.   they're
	          gunships, loading ordnance. he turns as jake and grace
	</b>          scorpion gunships darken the sky as they come over the tops
	<b>          c-21 dragon gunship.
	</b>          the dragon and its escort of gunships arrive over the trees.
	          two avatars, glaring defiantly at the gunships.
	</b><b>                               gunner
	          gunships with their longbows.
	</b>          missiles stream down from the dragon and the other gunships
	</b>          incendiaries launch from the gunships, exploding into gouts
	</b>          the gunships fan the flames through the trees like a fire-
	</b>          the muzzle of trudy's pistol presses behind his ear.
	</b>          the trooper turns, sees the gun.
	</b>          he does. norm jumps down and grabs the trooper's rifle and
	          a scorpion gunship -- like a hunt totem.
	</b>                    going up against gunships with bows and
	          fed into rotary cannons. missiles are attached to gunship
	</b>          troopers drop into ampsuit cockpits. pilots close gunship
	</b>          long lens stack, tight and abstract on gunships as they rise
	          while the gunships hover protectively.
	</b>          led by the dragon, the gunships fire streamers of 40mm
	</b>          scores of banshees slam into the gunships and samsons like
	          the gunship, slashing furiously as they spin together. jake
	          his canopy.   jake releases the gunship and it careens into a
	</b>          door gunners in a samson are shooting down banshees like
	</b>          the gunners swivel too late as tsu'tey flashes past them,
	</b>          a scorpion gunship dives after a banshee. it fires an air-to-
	          dive, like the battle of britain. banshees are hit by guns
	</b>          the gunship stays on her. it rips through the vines, and
	</b>          the gunship follows her through a narrow slit between mons
	</b>          the scorpion gunner locks up neytiri for a missile shot but --
	</b>          k-whammm!! the leonopteryx slams the gunship, driving it
	</b>          jake kicks the gunship loose and it falls like a brick,
	          breathing mask. the door gunners wave at --
	</b>                    you're not the only ones with guns, you
	</b>          they slalom among the trunks at high speed. the gunners hang
	</b>          a gunship drops in behind him and he is forced to evade as --
	</b>          gunners with jerry-rigged gun mounts ride the broad backs of
	</b>          gunners with jerry-rigged gun mounts ride the broad backs of
	</b>          tsu'tey is raked by a burst from the dorsal gunners. his
	</b>          a gunner fires from the door of a samson. there is a crash
	</b>          gunners try to swing their guns toward him but he rakes them
	</b>          gunners try to swing their guns toward him but he rakes them
	</b><b>                               gunship pilot
	          away, with most of the remaining gunships following.
	          flutter about, unimpeded. the sentry guns are silent, and

Adventure: Star-Wars-A-New-Hope
---------------------------------
	               marginally human creatures raises a long ominous laser rifle 
	               the gun before it can be fired.
	               with his long laser rifle slung over his shoulder, stands 
	               luke swings his rifle into position and looks to the south.
	               chrome laser pistol from his belt and levels it at old ben. 
	               with a short trunk-nose, pokes a gun in his side. the creature 
	               gun on him.
	               han solo slowly reaches for his gun under the table.
	               light. han pulls his smoking gun from beneath the table as 
	                         put your blasters away. han, my boy, 
	               the troops hold their guns at the ready and charge down the 
	               han draws his laser pistol and pops off a couple of shots 
	                         are no match for a good blaster at 
	               the stormtroopers enter the ship and a quick round of gunfire 
	               han have already pulled out their laser pistols and are 
	               han and chewie fire laser pistols at them through the smoke 
	               the princess grabs luke's gun and fires at a small grate in 
	               han draws his laser pistol and fires at the hatch. the 
	               to back away. han and luke stand fast with their laser pistols 
	</b>                         blast it, will you! my gun's jammed.
	               solo fires his gun downward. luke is pulled back into the 
	               the guard aims a blaster at them.
	               han and luke remove the trooper suits and strap on the blaster 
	               luke smiles and scratches his head as he takes a blaster 
	               before even thinking, han draws his laser pistol and charges 
	               the troops, firing. his blaster knocks one of the 
	               begin to raise their laser guns. soon all ten troopers are 
	               laser guns and yelling. around the corner shoots han, pirate 
	               luke fires his laser pistol wildly as he and leia rush down 
	               blasts from the stormtroopers' laser guns explode nearby 
	               laserfire hits the wall behind him. luke aims his laser pistol 
	               back off the bridge; luke hands the gun to leia.
	               luke fires his pistol at the door control panel, and it 
	               toward the pirateship, ducking imperial gunfire from the 
	                         guns!
	<b>               int. millennium falcon - gunports - cockpit
	               solo climbs into his attack position in the topside gunport.
	               luke gets up and moves out toward the gunports as leia heads 
	<b>               int. millennium falcon - gunports - cockpit
	               luke climbs down the ladder into the gunport cockpit, settling 
	<b>               int. millennium falcon - solo's gunport
	<b>               int. millennium falcon - gunports - cockpit
	<b>               int. millennium falcon - solo's gunport - cockpit
	<b>               int. millennium falcon - gunport - cockpit
	<b>               int. millennium falcon - cockpit - gunports
	<b>               int. millennium falcon - gunports
	<b>               int. millennium falcon - cockpit - gunports
	<b>               int. millennium falcon - gunport
	               luke swivels in his gun mount, following the tie fighter 
	<b>               int. millennium falcon - gunport
	<b>               int. millennium falcon - gunports
	<b>               int. millennium falcon - gunports
	<b>               int. millennium falcon - gunports
	<b>               int. millennium falcon - gunports
	<b>               int. millennium falcon - gunports
	<b>               int. millennium falcon - gunport
	               an alert guard, his laser gun in hand, scans the countryside.  
	               he sets the gun down and looks toward the temple, barely 
	               red leader lowers his visor and adjusts his gun sights, 
	               powered laser gun emplacements. electronic drivers rotate 
	               the huge guns into position as crew adjust their targeting 
	               star aims its massive laser guns at the rebel forces and 
	               smoke belches from the giant laser guns as they wind up their 
	               a shot hurls from luke's guns. laserbolts streak toward the 
	               the thunder and smoke of the big guns reverberate throughout 
	               gun towers as he shoots low across the death star surface. a 
	<b>               ext. death star surface - gun emplacements
	               an exterior surface gun blazes away at the oncoming rebel 
	</b>                         how many guns do you think, gold 
	                         i'd say about twenty guns. some on 
	</b>                         the guns... they've stopped!
	<b>               ext. death star surface - gun emplacements
	<b>               ext. death star - gun emplacements

Adventure: Imaginarium-of-Doctor-Parnassus,-The
-------------------------------------------------
	     percy, desperate, produces a pistol and fires a couple of

Adventure: Star-Wars-Return-of-the-Jedi
-----------------------------------------
	solo, but is immediately distracted by a gunshot offscreen.êan 
	boushh leans against a column with gunfighter cool and surveys the 
	robe similar to ben's and wears neither pistol nor laser sword. luke 
	luke reaches out, and a pistol jumps out of a guard's holster and flies 
	the pit. the pistol goes off, blasting a hole in the ceiling. jabba 
	at that moment, the deck gunmen on the barge unleash a series of blasts 
	boba lands on the skiff and starts to aim his laser gun at luke, who 
	hunter's gun in half.
	gun. shards of skiff deck fly. chewie and han are thrown against the 
	another blast from the barge's deck gun hits near boba and he is 
	a major hit from the barge deck gun knocks the skiff on its side. han 
	from the deck gun rocks the skiff violently.
	gun blasting away at his helpless companions. luke leaps from the 
	</b>chewie! chewie, give me the gun. don't move, lando.
	the deck gunners have chewie and the desperate dangling human chain in 
	their gun sights when something up on deck commands their attention: 
	the deck gunners have barely reached for their pistols before the young 
	the deck gunners have barely reached for their pistols before the young 
	gunners (who have been uncovering a giant gun at the end of the barge) 
	gunners (who have been uncovering a giant gun at the end of the barge) 
	little droid extends a small laser gun and blasts the chain apart.
	get the gun! point it at the deck!
	the gun around.
	luke runs along the empty deck toward leia and the barge gun, which she 
	leia in his other arm and kicks the trigger of the deck gun. the gun 
	leia in his other arm and kicks the trigger of the deck gun. the gun 
	luke starts for the scuffle, followed by leia with her laser pistol 
	leia guns it, closing the gap, as the two scouts recklessly veer 
	down, and pulls out a handgun. before leia can react, the scout has 
	behind it. leia holds her own laser gun ready, while wicket disappears 
	and heads for the catapult, blasting away with both guns. the ewoks 
	the ties from the belly guns.
	leia holds her laser gun ready, behind han, out of view of the two 
	han stands up slowly and turns, revealing the gun in leia's hand. she 
	roof of the bunker. the imperial troops throw down their guns
	<b>132  int millennium falcon - cockpit and gun ports

Adventure: Book-of-Eli,-The
-----------------------------
	          face frozen in a grim death mask. a gaping gunshot wound in
	</b>          a canteen dangles from the backpack, a shotgun strapped to
	          revealing eli silhouetted in the fading sunlight. the shotgun
	</b>          bandit #2 notices the shotgun strapped to the pack.
	</b>                    he's got a gun.
	          his shotgun... hesitates... then withdraws his hand.
	          a pump-action shotgun right at him.
	</b>                    a customer with a shotgun?
	</b>          he nods toward the shotgun visible on eli's backpack.
	</b>                    you carry a gun in the outland, you
	</b>          the engineer jerks the shotgun at eli nervously.
	          little. finally, he lowers the shotgun.
	</b>          the engineer raises the shotgun nervously again.
	          sizes. carnegie rifles excitedly through the collection.
	</b>          eli thinks a while longer. then stands and stuffs his shotgun
	                    get back, i will use this gun on
	</b>          he pulls up his pants, grabbing a rifle propped by the door
	</b>          accompanied by the sound of multiple guns cocking.
	</b>          carnegie is on the landing, training his rifle down at eli.
	          alongside him, five gunmen do the same. they've got him cold.
	          other gunmen, who keep their weapons trained on him.
	</b>          carnegie's gunmen look him over, inspecting him warily.
	</b><b>                              carnegie gunman
	</b>          barely noticeable, carnegie gestures to one of the gunmen,
	</b>          the gunmen bristle, exchange nervous looks. carnegie appears
	          unfazed. he smiles. beat. he looks to the gunman at the door.
	</b>          the gunman opens the door. eli turns and exits.
	</b>          eli stands on the other side of the counter with his shotgun
	          emerges onto the street, shotgun still in his hand.
	          fingers play over the butt of the pistol on his hip.
	</b>          carnegie dives for cover as four more gunmen rush from the
	</b>          carnegie's gunmen pursue, firing their rifles wildly on the
	</b>          carnegie's gunmen pursue, firing their rifles wildly on the
	</b>          eli aims the shotgun and fires without even looking. the shot
	          hits a gunman square in the chest, dropping him to the dirt.
	          gunfire ricochets all around him. he takes a moment to
	          collect himself, reloads the shotgun.
	</b>          the three remaining gunmen close in on the junkpile warily.
	</b>          eli signs a cross over himself with the shotgun, looks to the
	          the junkpile back into the street. all three gunmen open
	</b>          in one swift motion eli raises the shotgun and fires. three
	          wisps from the shotgun's sawn-off barrel.
	</b>          the three gunmen lie dead in the street. one hit square in
	          bodies of the gunmen, re-loading his shotgun as he goes.
	          bodies of the gunmen, re-loading his shotgun as he goes.
	          with the shotgun, sending him back to the deck, out cold.
	          against the wall. she sobs, terrified. eli levels the shotgun
	</b>          he holsters the shotgun. then in the same fluid motion draws
	          a pistol from his belt that we never even knew he had.
	</b>          he pulls another arrow and draws it back as the rifle bandit
	          the rifle barrel. the feathers at the end of the shaft
	</b>          rifle bandit pulls the trigger. the gun explodes, blowing his
	</b>          rifle bandit pulls the trigger. the gun explodes, blowing his
	</b><b>                                rifle bandit
	</b><b>                              rifle bandit
	</b><b>                              rifle bandit
	          the driver, who guns the engine.
	</b><b>                              carnegie gunman
	          cars gun their engines and move on down the road, past the
	</b>          beat as eli considers. then stands and unhooks his shotgun.
	          drops his shotgun to the ground.
	</b>          instead of a pitchfork the man holds a 12-gauge riot shotgun
	          shotgun toward him with his foot, hands it to his wife.
	          inhospitably. the shotgun resting across his lap.
	          he's still carrying that shotgun.
	</b>          a huge cache of weapons. automatic rifles. shotguns. pistols.
	</b>          she pulls out an m-60 machine-gun, slings the strap over her
	</b>          he offers a .44 magnum to solara.
	</b>                    you know how to fire a gun?
	</b>          eli is already reloading his shotgun, checking the barrel.
	          gunmen exchange worried looks.
	</b><b>                              carnegie gunman #2
	</b>          machine-gun fire erupts from the house, peppering the
	          vehicles' armor. the gunmen cower behind cover.
	</b>          more gunfire splinters the window frame above his head.
	          enemy gunmen with a crack shot. ducks back down as the return
	</b>          amidst all the chaos and gunfire, george has been listening
	</b>          redridge's men continue the hail of gunfire. six of them dead
	</b>          redridge races between the vehicles, ducking from gunfire
	          clips another gunman in the head, killing him.
	          george's hail of gunfire has them pinned down.
	</b><b>                              carnegie gunman #3
	</b>          the gunmen leap clear as the minivan hurtles toward the
	</b>          they turn around. the gunmen are entering the house, passing
	</b>          eli reaches for his sword. met by the sound of multiple guns
	          cocking. redridge steps out from among the gunmen. smiles.
	</b>          eli and solara are shoved out of the house at gunpoint and
	          faces him and points a pistol at his head.
	</b>          the gunman carrying eli's pack opens it up and tips its
	</b><b>                              carnegie gunman #4
	</b>          redridge holsters his gun and frisks eli, going through his
	          pulls his gun again and marches right up to him, pressing the
	</b>          she breaks from the gunmen holding her and rushes toward
	</b>          eli still has a half-dozen guns trained on him. he turns and
	          in one of the perimeter towers. training a rifle on them.
	</b>          in the opposite tower another guard has his rifle trained on
	</b>          keeping the gun trained on them, the tower guard uses his

Adventure: Harold-and-Kumar-Go-to-White-Castle
------------------------------------------------
	          after he exhales, he walks over to his dad's gun rack and
	          the brown haired kid puts the end of the rifle in his mouth.
	<b>          we hear a gunshot as the screen turns black...
	                 hill, about forty-five minutes away.
	                 minutes ago. he has three gunshot wounds
	                 shotgun anus!
	                 months. then he pointed a gun at me and
	                 so he starts beating me with his gun,
	</b>                      hey, listen up guys! multiple gun shots
	                       any gun, i swear...
	                harold guns it-- leaving cole and the punks in the dust.
	</b>                 officer brucks gets out of the car, holding his rifle and

Adventure: Oblivion
---------------------
	          sized gun on a sling, and checks its charge as he slides
	          lights connected to the ship's two automatic guns reach
	          he sets his gun against the drone, raises his arms,
	          movement from the darkness. jack spins, his gun coming
	          he brings his rifle up, fires rounds into the darkness.
	          strafes the drone with gunfire which knocks it back.
	</b>          a high-tech, high-powered rifle rests in two alien-
	</b>          jack looks at him, hearing this. then guns the bike.
	          engines. the drones guns blasting in every direction,
	          switch. he leaps back, spinning around, his carbine
	          jack 2 senses her movement, spins and aims his rifle as
	          jack guns his ship at the large doors, opening up with

Adventure: 2001-A-Space-Odyssey
---------------------------------
						    forty-five minutes after lunar

Adventure: Jurassic-Park-III
------------------------------
		a ringing satellite phone rests on a stack of gun cases.
		finishes loading a massive gun, essentially a hand-cannon. it's
		their guns.
	<b>	machine gun fire.
		udesky picks up a gun out of the swampy water. the barrel is bent

Adventure: Indiana-Jones-and-the-Last-Crusade
-----------------------------------------------
		face them as rough rider points a gun in his direction.
		three men carrying guns make their way down the spiral staircase toward an
		unsuspecting brody. one of the men, kazim, raises his gun and brings it down
		kazim gestures with his gun toward the now-unconscious brody. the other two
		agents are running towards them with drawn guns.
		indy grapples with the turkish agent. as indy grips his arms, we see a gun in
		racing toward them. he stands in the moving boat, firing a machine gun at
		machine gun from kazim's boat splinters the wood of indy's boat, until
		the machine gun runs out of ammunition. kazim puts it down and takes control
		indy and elsa continue down the hallway. indy carries a gun in his hand and
		officer. the other two are soldiers with machine guns. henry and indy
		machine gun from the hands of one of the startled soldiers... and for a moment
		he turns and sprays the room with machine gun fire, cutting all three nazis to
			gun, doctor jones. put down the
			gun or the fraulein dies.
		and then indy gives in. he drops the machine gun to the table and it slides
		all four radiomen now have their guns drawn. they activate the lever and
		hand, holding their guns with the other. is it possible that indy and henry
		motorboats, gunboats, supply boats, etc.
		unshoulders his machine gun.
		as the remaining nazi soldier rides alongside their motorbike he cocks his gun,
		indy climbs into the cockpit of the biplane as henry takes the tail gunner's
			machine gun. get it ready.
		henry turns and grips the mounted machine gun with a perplexed
		henry does—and the exploding gun nearly shakes him out of his seat.
		the messerschmidt banks to the left, but henry keeps it in his gun sight. henry
		swings the gun around, inadvertently cutting his own rear stabilizer in
		coming in low. guns blazing.
		the messerschmidt bears down on indy's car, machine guns chattering.
		down the muzzle of a gun. sparks fly as its belly scrapes against the
		indy and henry run to the shoreline. indy reaches for his gun, tucked in his
		pants. he opens the chamber—the gun has no bullets.
	carry both carbines and sabers.
			gun.
		kazim peers over a rock, pointing his rifle at the group below.
		the battle continues—a fierce exchange of gunshots, grenades and
		machine gun fire with losses on both sides.
		the nazi soldiers point their guns at henry and brody.
		indy notices that the side gun that is now firing at him can only pivot so far.
		vogel shouts to the gunner.
		the gunner puts a shell into the large gun. he fires, catapulting the
		the gunner puts a shell into the large gun. he fires, catapulting the
		several rocks inside. then he steers his horse directly in range of that gun.
		he points his gun at henry and brody.
		the smaller gun, blocked by the rocks, backfires, blowing the breech out into
		the face of the gunner, killing him and filling the tank with smoke.
		henry and brody still held at gunpoint by the nazi soldier.
		and aims his gun at indy.
		indy pulls the trigger again—his gun is empty! indy immediately takes the
		and three bodies fall away, leaving indy to stare at the gun in disbelief.
		he drops the gun down into the tank.
		henry pushes the nazi soldier aside and grabs the gun. the periscope
		soldier struggles to take the gun from henry.
		the periscope soldier holds henry from behind, forcing the gun toward him.
		the tank. at the same time, henry loses his grip on the gun which falls to the
		henry fires the tank gun at the troop truck. soldiers fly into the air.
		shredded gun protruding from the side of the tank.
		still hanging from the protruding gun.
		indy loses his grip and now hangs from the gun suspended only by the strap of
		his leather pouch. he screams as the gun scrapes against the cliff wall, sending
		as the soldier raises the gun to henry's face, brody hits him over the head
		with a canister. the soldier falls, discharging the gun into the air.
		the sound of rifle bolts being cocked. everyone turns to discover indy and
		his party surrounded by nazi soldiers. indy's group are relieved of their guns.
		donovan points the gun at him:
		down their guns and kneel.
		run forward. sallah points a rifle at them.
	</b>		drop your guns. please.

Adventure: Three-Kings-(Spoils-of-War)
----------------------------------------
	     miles.  we hear the sound of a man making machine gun-like
	     humvee's thirty caliber machine gun, making the noises and
	                that's what we do.  the guns, the tanks,
	     miles.  we hear the sound of a man making machine gun-like
	     machine gun, epps sweeps the horizon with his binoculars, and
	     jaeger gets down from the machine gun, pulls out his puzzle
	     startled, epps and wes each pull their guns and spin in 
	     miles.  we hear the sound of a man making machine gun-like
	     jaeger at the machine gun, epps working his binoculars, and
	     jaeger jumps down from the machine gun pissed as all hell. 
	     epps drives, jaeger rides shotgun, relaxed, feet up on the 
	     the iraqis turn things up a notch and start sending gunfire
	     jaeger climbs back to the humvee's machine gun, works the
	     line.  jaeger swings the machine gun around hard and lets
	     as if in answer the remaining iraqi vehicle's gunner tears
	     wreckage, sweeping it with his rifle ready to blast any
	     jaeger is already behind the wheel.  epps rides shotgun this
	                gun, and stop a bullet.
	</b>                gunfire. 
	     about it, then casual as rain pulls out a gun and gives him a
	                gunned.  they'd cut us to shreds.
	     down below comes another balloon burst; another gun shot.
	     from below the edge of the mesa a helicopter gunship -
	     pilot brings the gunship about and levels her massive machine
	     their spots, and not an instant too soon.  the gunner lets
	     gunship swings around, picks up speed and bears down on them. 
	     their heads whip around looking for the gunship.
	     in answer to jaeger's question the gunship comes swooping up
	     they race for it, hurl themselves into it as the gunship
	     it's too narrow for the gunship to get a good shot through. 
	     beyond the opening to the passage the gunship swings back and
	     wes watches the gunship as it seemingly settles in the air.
	     something:  the gunship's missile pods rotating slightly, 
	     the passage as a missile rockets from the gunship's pod.
	     an elephant.  the gunship turns on wes and fires in his 
	     grenade in his launcher as the gunship comes about.  it races 
	     on him.  epps fires, but the gunship simply jukes up and away
	     at the same time the gunship lowers itself so that it hovers
	     grenade from view.  slowly they walk towards the gunship.
	     about to throw it back out of the gunship. 
	     damages the gunship.  it rocks, lists, spins wildly out of
	     them.  worse still the gunship, now a lame bird, drops from
	     straddles the intruder pressing the muzzle of the rifle
	                anyway.  they flew the gunship up here to
	     we hear a short burst of gunfire.  three large, bloody holes
	</b>                why don't you put the gun down, all 
	                right, wes?  you put the gun down and 
	     the but of his rifle into the side of epps' head.  it opens a
	     horseback.  one of them has a high powered rifle which he has
	     before epps can even finish getting the word out machine gun 
	     the door.  with the muzzle of his gun he pulls it open a
	     completely outnumbered and out gunned by a mounted force.
	     safely.  all epps knows is there aren't any gun totting
	                run over to the driver and put a gun to
	     the driver, keeping the gun pressed to his head.

Adventure: Dogma
------------------
	she ducks. the stick hits the car door above her. she rifles through her
	<b>int seedy gun shop - night
	various guns are laid out atop a glass case.
	loki picks up the gun. bartleby and the salesman look at him.
	batman never uses guns.
	(off gun)
	then don't use a gun. just lay the place to waste like sodom and gommorah.
	the gun in his lap. a couple makes out in the seat in front of them.
	producing a gun from his jacket. he fires into the ceiling. the music
	(cocks gun)
	<b>you don't rave a gun?!?
	</b><b>have a gun?!?
	<b>didn't have a gun?!?
	no gun! what the fuck kind of muscle are you?! all this time and you got no
	gun!
	no gun!
	gun blazing, he takes out the male board members, including whitland, in a
	he quickly puts the gun to her head. she slams her eyes shut.
	the gang charges oc, guns blazing, while we hold on the group. suddenly,
	azrael pulls an uzi from his coat and blows a dozen holes in the bartender.
	azrael trains his uzi on bethany.
	azrael still hosts his captive audience, uzi trained on the mortals. the
	(pulls gun)
	he puts the gun in his mouth and fires. the screen goes blank.
	his gun.
	ashen. he looks exhausted. rufus trains the gun on him.
	she slaps the uzi out of jay's grip. it clatters to the side.

Adventure: xXx
----------------
	               anders pulls out a silenced sub-machine gun and starts 
	               anders fires with his gun, but sterling is getting away!
	               it's a blur of flashlights, pistols and jack boots. it's 
	               just like that it's quiet again. sky hyperventilates, a gun 
	               take their guns off her.
	               the stormtrooper pulls out a dart gun and shoots xander. he 
	               the trucker pulls a pistol from his vest, the salesman 
	               brandishes the shotgun he had behind the paper. the waitress 
	               xander twists the gun out of his hand and kicks his legs out 
	               the salesman pumps on his shotgun, but it seems to be jammed.
	               the salesman fights with his gun but can't get it to work. 
	               she stares at him, unable to speak. he raises the gun.
	                         guns before i "walked" in? and if 
	                         these guns. and no offense, but their 
	               xander tosses the gun on the counter. gibbons gives a sly 
	               his dart gun onto the table. xander blinks at him.
	               then the night erupts in gunfire. it sounds like a full scale 
	               xander swings his chain and whips the gun out of jefe's hand.
	               its big gatling guns turn, aiming right at him.
	               braaaaaaaappp! the guns cut loose, tearing up the ground 
	               all around him it's a chaos of helicopters and gunfire.
	               their guns. narcos run terrified.
	               around. the gatling guns rip the plants to pieces all around 
	               as the helicopter passes overhead, it's guns rake the truck.
	               the chopper and gunfire are in the distance now. things are 
	               the bodyguards pull out guns and slovo rushes for the 
	               he tosses the glove aside, pulls out a dart gun.
	</b>                         this is your standard dart gun.
	                         9mm casing for use with your service 
	               even see the inner workings of their guns. one of the female 
	               they draw simultaneously and hold the guns to each other's 
	               yorgi stares, finally believes him. he lowers his gun.
	               xander hops out, rifles through slovo's pockets. the other 
	               he turns, sees petra standing in the doorway with a gun.
	               she slaps him again and xander goes for her gun. before he 
	               can pry it from her hand, she's pulled another gun from 
	               petra still has the gun on xander.
	               she pulls back the hammer on her gun.
	               he makes a move and she jabs the gun at him. she reaches 
	               three! they kick in the door and aim their guns around.
	               yorgi and kirill lower their guns. viktor stumbles by in his 
	               by now xander is out of sight. kirill pounds his rifle in 
	               thigh they have pistols and on their chests they have silenced 
	               mp-5 sub-machine guns. together they stare down at the ship.
	               yorgi machine guns the wet well control panel.
	               looks up towards xander and machine guns the panel some more, 
	               cal. machine guns, mines, rockets, belts of ammo.
	               he pulls out his gun as kirill creeps ever closer.
	               "ramp" that he can use to jump the wall. he guns the engine.
	               gun across his back and goes up and over. petra watches him 
	               the machine gun blasts again. xander drives off along the 
	               top of the wall. anders shoulders his gun and follows.
	               anders jams another magazine into his sub-machine gun and 
	               anders reaches for his machine gun. xander pops a wheelie 
	               tucks his pistol away and roars off.
	               apartment. he draws his gun and pushes the door open.
	               xander holsters his gun, searches around for his communicator.
	                         dump your gun on the floor.
	               suddenly gunfire blasts through the closed door.
	               the door creaks open. it's petra, her gun still smoking.
	               the ivans go to slovo's body, kicking the gun from his hands.
	               at the top a guard leans over, aiming his gun at him. xander 
	               xander springs, the claws lashing out, and tears the gun 
	               kirill aims his gun at petra.
	               he raises his gun and suddenly booooom! a massive explosion 
	               secret police. their submachine guns rattle in threeshot 
	               kirill loads his sniper rifle and climbs out of the cab. he 
	               lays down, resting the rifle on the ahab container.
	               the headlights eject, revealing a mini-gun in each fender.
	               brrraaaaaappp!! the mini-guns spin.
	               a tactical (a pick-up with a .50 cal machine gun attached) 
	               kirill grabs his sniper rifle and heads off.

Adventure: Inception
----------------------
	  the barrel of a rifle rolls the bearded man onto his back. a
	  he puts a handgun on the table. the elderly man keeps eating.
	  gun. the elderly man stops eating. picks up the cone.
	  he slides the handgun down the table towards him.
	kitchen. he pulls a pistol from his belt, screwing a silencer
	cobb flashes out of the shadows, silenced pistol up, aiming-
	mal, gun in hand. she smiles at cobb.
	</b>          the gun, dom.
	arthur into the room. mal puts the gun to his head.
	cobb slowly places his gun at his end of the long table, then
	mal cocks the gun at arthur's temple.
	mal lowers the gun and shoots arthur in the leg- arthur
	surface- he grabs his gun- shoots arthur between the eyes-
	a click: arthur looks up to find saito with a gun to his head
	the room to slam saito against the door- the gun drops,
	cobb, wet but composed, sits, turning saito's gun in his
	</b>          i bring the gun because not even my
	cobb uses the barrel of the gun to raise saito's chin.
	cobb grabs saito and puts his head to the floor, gun pressed
	cobb lowers the gun. defeated. glances at his watch. the
	handgun. checks it is loaded. places it on the table in front
	at the door. cobb grabs the top, the gun- moves to the door-
	saito's bodyguard offers cobb a gun.
	his options... the first businessman draws a gun- cobb bolts,
	back the way he came- the two businessmen are there, guns
	          out the emotional big guns...
	</b>          twelve hours and forty-five
	he sees the silenced pistol cobb is holding at his belly.
	saito gets into the front passenger seat. pointing a gun.
	front. cobb has heard the gunfire-
	eames steps into the room, pulls his gun and moves over
	          with a load of gunnre.
	cobb considers this. opens his phone. pulls out his gun.
	cobb swings the gun onto browning-
	arthur pulls a sniper rifle from a case by the van.
	gunshots blast out the rear and side windows of the van- a
	security man is leaning out of the lead s.u.v. with a shotgun-
	kicks him to the ground- draws his gun as the second man
	</b>          look at the gun in his hand.
	cobb pulls out the gun and hands it to fischer.
	fischer raises the gun towards his head-
	fischer lowers his gun.
	          rain... gunfire... uncle peter.
	draws his gun, steps back from the door and kicks it open.
	cobb jumps into the room, gun up. the room is empty. arthur
	the person entering, throws them to the floor- puts his gun
	a gunshot slams into the van as yusuf drives- he glances back
	firing a shotgun- the bike pulls alongside yusuf's window as
	bike, bringing the shotgun barrel into the cab so he can grab
	driver pulls a handgun and starts blasting. up ahead, an
	the security man driving the s.u.v. guns it, as the bike
	arthur runs up the stairs, gun in hand- rounds a corner and-
	pulls saito up to a seated position and hands him a handgun.
	saito nods weakly, tries to hold the gun. eames moves to the
	window- pulls his machine gun off- checks its load. ready. he
	cobb pulls out his handgun, and a ziplock bag full of
	cobb hands ariadne his gun and moves towards mal.
	the duct... he raises his gun, trembling with weakness...
	low-e musical tones. he drops his gun and goes to fischer's
	saito fires, dropping the guard, then collapses, the gun
	ariadne, who is pointing cobb's gun.
	cobb holds ariadne's gaze. she lowers the gun. and we-
	as saito-san listens to cobb, he looks at the gun on the

Adventure: TRON
-----------------
	         of kid playing one of the games "tailgunner."
	<b>    267  pov of a gun sight                                           267
	<b>    269  pov of tank gunsight                                         269
	         flynn whirls around, fingers poised like a gunfighter. the bit gives

Adventure: Cliffhanger
------------------------
	        matheson is out of his seat, pistol drawn. seems a little puny
	        the cockpit. rattled, matheson pulls his gun on travers.
	</b>                      calm down -- give the gun to me --
	        and point his gun at them.
	        him. travers pulls out his gun with a slow, leisurely move.
	        travers fires his gun three times, one for each agent's
	        been kicked. travers puts his gun away and puts on a radio
	</b>                      we get twenty-one gun funerals and
	        shakily crawls to his feet, draws his gun, and shoots the
	        takes a bolt gun -- which fires rope-fastened bolts into
	</b>                            (indicating gun)
	        has the bolt gun out. he rapidly hooks the rope's carabiner
	        gabe clips the gun to his pack.
	</b>                            (looking up at gun)
	        a gun barrel moves into view as it presses against hal's neck.
	        earful of gun barrel from qualen, who is behind him.
	        to ryan and delmer, who rifle through it, removing anything
	        gun and ice axe.
	                            (guns are clicked)
	        too long -- qualen nudges him with his gun. gabe hands the
	        travers holds his gun on gabe, and motions up
	        grabs hal and puts the gun to his head.
	        settling far below. he takes his gun, furious, and fires at
	        travers turns and pins hal against the wall with the gun,
	        travers, furious, takes the gun out of hal's face.
	        gun at an orange-jacketed figure.
	                      holding a gun on hal and forcing him
	        who has found both heldon's broken body, and his gun, half
	        brett picks up the gun -- this is more an adventure than he
	        travers has his gun pressed to hal's temple.
	        qualen pokes hal with the gun -- he moves on ahead.
	</b>                            (to hal, brandishing gun)
	        kristel, qualen and kynette, having heard the gunshots, are
	        machine gun field of fire can intersect his path -- gabe
	        the machine gun clatters away, landing on the edge of the ice,
	        gabe -- gabe rolls away in time, and gets to the machine gun,
	        the force of it knocks the machine gun loose -- it skips down
	        are crouched in the woods. brett, gun in hand, has no idea how
	</b>                      brett -- they've got five guns --
	        of the gang, gun held high.
	                      you heard me! drop the guns!
	        all drop their guns -- brett, unfortunately, realizes at the
	        easily mows down brett with his machine gun, riddling him with
	        gabe, reacting to the sound of the machine gun fire, climbs
	        and the others pick up their guns.
	        -- but frank runs up and pulls a gun from a holster.
	        has a gun trained on him --
	        kristel is waiting, also with a gun trained on him. hal
	        surprised to see kynette, standing over her, smiling, his gun
	        opening, firing his gun --
	        he yanks the pistol back.
	                            (aims gun)
	        toward the helicopter, keeping the gun trained on kristel.
	        as travers grabs frank's discarded gun.
	        travers puts his gun at hal's forehead and shrugs.
	        delmer backs hal up at gunpoint. hal deliberately moves in a
	        gunshots behind him -- the fire's blasted the powder in all
	        kristel's gun barrel.
	        kristel eases back with the gun.
	        gun and waits, but at the top of the hill --
	        whirls around at the warning, his gun blazing, but hal is too
	        fast -- he swings the sign like a club, knocking delmer's gun
	        to end it, delmer tries to get the bolt gun off a clip on his
	        from hal -- another chance to get the bolt gun off --
	        edge, ahead of kristel, who's aiming her gun at his back.
	        kristel gets ahead of gabe and walks backward, keeping her gun
	</b>                      skiis, food -- and maybe guns too,
	        kristel's gunshots slow, and finally, stop, the very last of
	        gun blazes down --
	        does have the machine gun -- he fires short bursts at --
	        discarded machine gun and holds it up, but stray bullets from
	        nothing. just a couple of machine gun clips, and the bolt gun.
	        nothing. just a couple of machine gun clips, and the bolt gun.
	        passenger door, keeping his gun trained on her.
	        enjoying himself, slams a fresh clip into his machine gun.
	        qualen blazes the gun into the planks --
	        shoulder strap of qualen's machine gun -- gabe yanks down,
	<b>        the ice axe and the gun
	        qualen's machine gun is floating by. gabe snatches up the gun
	        qualen's machine gun is floating by. gabe snatches up the gun
	        low to hit qualen with the gun, but qualen swings the axe down
	                            (holds qualen's gun)
	        gun's stock -- but it's the wrong size.
	        levels qualen's emptied gun on travers and the copter -- this
	        presses his gun at maggie.
	                      all right. drop the gun first.
	        throws the gun away -- but keeps the pack suspended over the
	        by the copter's wind, but stands firm. travers levels his gun
	        puzzled, travers takes his gun hand and rips open
	        qualen's earlier blast of gunfire. few, if any, of the bills
	        gun from his waist --
	        travers looks up and raises his gun at gabe -- but gabe fires
	        gasping, travers drops his gun -- it falls over the pack and
	        copter, reaches into his jacket and pulls out the pistol he
	        impact of the slip makes travers drop the gun -- it falls out

Adventure: Dances-with-Wolves
-------------------------------
	               he sees a rifle with a hat on the tip of its bayonet waving 
	               the barrel of his gun. thud... a rifle ball buries itself in 
	               the barrel of his gun. thud... a rifle ball buries itself in 
	               suddenly the field is quiet. there is rifle fire in the 
	               turns back on the lieutenant and waves his pistol menacingly.
	               fambrough turns on the voice behind him and waves his pistol 
	               in one swift motion, fambrough brings the revolver up, 
	               of his hand is dropping lightly on the butt of a long revolver 
	               without hesitating, he slips the big revolver out of its 
	               pulls his gun aiming it directly at the doorway.
	               he stoops for his rifle and we follow as he scrambles up the 
	               lowers the gun and watches the wolf a moment longer, then 
	               the first of three carbine boxes is lugged off the stack.
	               invisible. the guns will not be found.
	               reeling with sleep, dunbar is up and moving. he grabs a rifle 
	               the big navy revolver and his gunbelt are slung over his 
	               the big navy revolver and his gunbelt are slung over his 
	               feels the weight of the gun and lets it drop to the ground.
	               at the quarters. a rifle is standing near the door.
	               loading rifle is by his side. he whispers to her.
	               aiming his squirrel gun into the yard. he fires once, then 
	               grasping the gun like a club, he leaps off the roof and 
	               his breechclout. the barrel of his rifle is hanging downward, 
	               the warrior swings his rifle into a shooting position, sights 
	               he stares down at dunbar with a smile, lifts his rifle 
	               dunbar takes a solid grip on his rifle and shuts his eyes as 
	               grazing the buffalo's shoulder. the report of the gun 
	               the breastplate shines in the sun. his rifle lies in the 
	               gun out. he drops the book on the bed and carefully moves 
	</b>                         i have guns... many far-shooting 
	                         guns.
	</b>                         guns would make one warrior like 
	               uncovered; the lid of a rifle crate.
	               the village is just ahead down a long slope as the gun finders 
	               the guns have been passed out and, except for a slight murmur 
	                         guns... how would he fight the pawnee?
	               a lot. they both have rifles and dances with wolves' old 
	               long-barreled revolver is holstered at his waist.
	               and thirty rifles fire into the vanguard of the pawnee charge.
	               the smoke of many rifles mixes with the ground fog as the 
	               dances with wolves works the navy revolver from its holster 
	               and it's too late. she fires the rifle and the pawnee explodes 
	               loading his gun.
	                         has a good rifle of mine.
	               in the wagon are scrambling for their rifles and screaming 
	               that's the last thing he says. a rifle stock slams into the 
	               a rifle butt bangs him hard between the shoulder blades and 
	               another rifle butt crashes against his skull and again 
	               sergeant bauer shoves dances with wolves with his gun.
	               the wagon driver is aiming his rifle out at something on the 
	               rifle aiming.
	               him by dances with wolves. his rifle fires harmlessly into 
	               prisoner's head with the gunstock. dances with wolves falls 
	               resounding crack in the sternum with the butt of his rifle 
	               the outrider is about to pull up his gun when an arrow hits 
	               just as the outrider is struggling to raise his gun, wind in 
	               neck in a death grip when he sees bauer leveling his rifle 
	               rifle flying, and bauer over the edge of the wagon. bauer 
	               soldier that he doesn't move. bauer sticks his revolver into 
	               only clicks. the gun is empty.
	               dragging elgin's body onto shore. dances with wolves rifles 
	               like gunfighters, the two men approach each other at a slow 

Adventure: Army-of-Darkness
-----------------------------
	</b>	   ash, now armed with shotgun and chainsaw, is swallowed by the
	</b>	   ash falls to the dust.  his double barrelled shotgun lands
		   the handless stump of ash's right arm.  the shotgun.
		   of ash's shotgun as it swings into frame, cracking against his
		   the warriors surge upon ash. his sawed-off shotgun and chainsaw
	</b>	   picks up the chainsaw and sawed off shotgun from the dust.  he
	</b>	   removes his sawed off shotgun from wiseman john's horse and
		   the shotgun belches flame. the blast cuts the chain, leaving
	<b>159	the sound of the gunblast							    159
	</b>	   twirls the shotgun about western style: whoosh, whoosh,
	</b>	   spins, raises his shotgun and fires.
	</b>	   he sweeps the barrel of the shotgun toward the sound of sticks
	</b>	   lift the barrel of the shotgun in ash's direction.  another
		   leaps upon the shotgun's trigger. boom!
		   shotgun and scurry off across the floor.
	</b>	   the shotgun barrel is suddenly shoved into his frame, pointing
	</b>	   clutching the smoldering shotgun.
				   gun.
		   shotgun.
	</b>	   spins out his double barreled shot gun and...

Adventure: Ghost-and-the-Darkness,-The
----------------------------------------
	rifle ready. this next is all whispered.
	patterson and starling, early morning, their rifles held in front 
	patterson, startled, grabbing his rifle more tightly, staring down 
	starling, running from the fenced area- he holds a rifle in his 
	patterson, racing to his tent, grabbing his rifle and cartridges 
	patterson, as he charges ahead, loading his rifle on the fly and
	reach for his rifle and
	patterson's rifle and
	patterson, gun ready to fire but it's futile and he knows it as we
	and now there are guards with rifles patrolling it.
	</b>		every man who's ever fired a rifle has 
	patterson, rifle ready, holding his breath.
	the first coolie, raising his gun and
	the second coolie, his gun raised too and
	they are cleaning their guns, getting ready.
	a word about their weapons. patterson's is a good rifle and he 
	hawthorne is the least skilled of the three. but his rifle is 
	weapons being reassembled. redbeard's hands fly. his rifle is back 
			change guns with me- mine's much
	sunlight. he raises hawthorne's gun.
	snap- hawthorne's rifle has misfired.
	patterson, and the goddamn gun won't work and he's a dead man and
			untried gun?
	is it! patterson seees this, readies his rifle and we-
	patterson and redbeard, rifles ready- but no sound reaches them.
	redbeard and patterson. they each check their guns, move toward 
	patterson. his fingers move slowly along his rifle barrel-
	redbeard, motionless, rifle in hand, is high in the branches.
			invented gunpowder. our lives have
	patterson running wildly, rifle in hand and
	patterson slows, rifle ready, takes a breath, moves around it-
	patterson has his rifle ready-
	samuel. terrified. holding his rifle extremely tightly.
				the rifle and the
	samuel, and he takes the rifle between his two hands and
	samuel, tossing the rifle with great care and patterson's less 
	the rifle in mid-air and
	the rifle as it strikes a tree branch, spins away to the ground.

Adventure: Dune
-----------------
	     holding big guns on a boy who is wearing white
	     electronic gear and big stun guns.
	     knife-guns.  one blade enters the back of one man's
	     stungun.  paul recovers and starts taking long,
	     nefud has a stun gun, even though thufir's hands are
	     up with a maula pistol aimed at paul but paul spins
	     the figure holds a gun.

Adventure: Willow
-------------------
	they enter like gunslingers in a saloon.  the four
	like a machine gun.

Adventure: Mighty-Joe-Young
-----------------------------
	    mark v rifle across his back. garth yanks the primitive
	     and garth swing rifles down from their shoulders as they
	     rifle with icy precision.
	     he has retrieved his rifle and is charging hard for his
	     he rips garth's gun away from him and with his bloodied
	     gunshots -- jill runs faster, panic contorting her face.
	     follows, gun up.
	      immediately rifles through the cash, checking to make sure
	      pindi sees that gregg is loading the rifle with tran-
	                           gun)
	      gregg carefully puts the rifle back, then grabs a pair of
	     plug gun, and crashes with pindi through the woods.
	     carefully, he extends the dna plug gun and pricks the cat,
	     gregg releases the vial of blood from the dna gun.
	     the guy with the tranquilizer rifle panics and fires!
	     his dna gun...
	     dna plug gun. pindi gapes at what gregg is doing.
	     excitement, rides shotgun.
	      with tranquilizer rifles stream out of the building and
	     their guns trained on --
	     guns. then they start laughing. an embarrassed harry
	                  going for the tranq guns.
	     a security guard runs into the tent, raising his tranq gun
	      gun. other animal control officers are with him, also
	      gregg lowers his gun, a pained expression on his face.
	      a rifle at his side.
	     they turn to see the officer has a rifle aimed at joe.
	     the officer trains his gun on joe. joe looks at the
	                  that gun at him, believe me.
	     jill lowers a tranq gun.
	      they've got their guns aimed, but joe disappears over the
	      the police all over hollywood blvd. then a hunting rifle
	      three college guys shoot replica air guns at cardboard
	      amusement park. strasser has the rifle out and propped
	      garth puts his hand on the barrel of the gun and pulls it
	      strasser aims his rifle again.
	      he raises the gun again, gets the sight lined up just as
	      the gun, just as strasser is about to pull the trigger.
	      strasser flips the gun and cracks garth squarely in the
	      head with the rifle butt.
	      action moves through the pandemonium of the crowd, gun
	      smile, raises his gun...
	      the gun goes off, barely missing joe. joe roars and

Adventure: Man-in-the-Iron-Mask
---------------------------------
	</b><b>                   twenty-two years later
	muskets and the rumble of cannons; officers shout orders in
	grips his musket and looks around him; he finds himself among
	against the alley wall; he backhands the gunman.  the robber
	porthos' fury has just begun.  he picks the fallen gunman up
	porthos snatches the pistol from the cobblestones.  we see
	          pistol there!
	the opening -- shoves his pistol at aramis' face.
	overwhelming numbers, and firearms too; protecting phillippe,
	muskets bristling like spikes; and yet that way is the only
	louis grabs a musket from one of the reluctant soldiers and
	fires:  sssboom!  with the first explosion of gunfire the
	the musket balls fly down the hallway, sparking off the stone
	with the dense gray smoke of the gunpowder.  none of them can

Adventure: Martian,-The
-------------------------
	           radioactive isotope riding shotgun next

Adventure: Serenity
---------------------
	          his gun and pinning his hand. a moment, and the dying agent
	          independent. gun at his hip. he's not unlike the ship --
	          mal passes. he carries a number of rifles and grenades.
	</b>          (cocks his gun)
	          mal's gun is long, not unlike civil war era issue, but very
	          jayne impatiently fires a burst of machine-gun fire down into
	</b>          did sound summat like gunblast...
	          guard, holding his gun at him:
	          and grab the young man. mal unhesitatingly draws his gun.
	          they have reached the guncheck, where jayne and wash have
	          already checked their guns. it works like a lunch automat:
	          mal sticks his gun in a drawer, pulls out a chit -- the
	          mal fights to get back to the gunrack. the bouncer reaches
	          somebody pulls a gun and she snaps his elbow, causing him to
	          mal frantically wrests a gun from the vending locker as river
	          knocks the other guy's gun in the air, kicks someone else and
	</b>          you could use a gun hand?
	          mal is going for his gun again, turning, and the operative
	          kicks him in the face, sends him back, gun flying. mal gets
	          inara leads mal (who is reholstering his gun) down some steps
	          40 back to the locker and starts to unlock it, pulling his gun.
	          quietly to the bridge, gun drawn.
	          seat. she whips jayne's gun at his face, never looking at
	          him. a moment, and mal lowers his own gun.
	          (she cocks the gun)
	          she moves rapidly, gun out, to:
	          she whirls, grabs a gun and fires -- then aims the gun at her
	          she whirls, grabs a gun and fires -- then aims the gun at her
	           own head - but a reaver is on her, knocks the gun away and
	          inside the ramp -- and jayne comes out with his biggest gun.
	          the operative raises his gun -- but mal is the quickdraw
	          master, shoots the gun out of the operative's hand and gets
	          mal holsters his gun and jumps for the rung above him, starts
	          the operative sees his moment, dives for his gun -- but it's
	</b>          there are a few gun shots (as well as nail-balls and blades)
	</b>          oh, now you're likin' guns, huh?
	          river watches, the gun limp in her hand. kaylee grabs it and
	          mal before he gets his footing, tackles him as mal's gun goes
	          soldiers, who line up, rifles trained on our gang...
	          soldiers, blades still gripped... a soldier levels his gun at
	          mal stops, doesn't turn. hand near his gun.
	</b>          you gonna ride shotgun, help me

Adventure: Big-Fish
---------------------
	               a mob of about 50 have gathered, many of them with shotguns. 
	<b>                                     hot-blooded shotgun toter
	               scatter for cover. mr. soggybottom pulls a revolver out of 
	               the revolver at the dog.
	               reaching the front of the line, norther pulls two pistols 
	               halfhearted reach for his gun, but norther waves him off. 
	               the guard takes out his gun and slides it over.
	               would be best to do as he says. he takes the guard's gun.
	               angle on edward, not sure what to do. he has a gun, but he 

Adventure: Indiana-Jones-and-the-Raiders-of-the-Lost-Ark
----------------------------------------------------------
	               at the fleeing indians and pulls his pistol out. he starts 
	               could not drop the gun now if he tried.
	               down, where it involuntarily discharges the gun into the 
	               and immediately raises the gun toward indy again, cocking it 
	               enclosed in the whip, his gun hand stuck tight against his 
	               barranca's gun fires. barranca falls dead.
	               guns. but the man in the center draws indy's attention. he 
	               smiling. indy hands over his gun. belloq sticks it in his 
	               indy's gun levels and fires twice, blasting him backwards. 
	               indy is still looking over his gun when another samurai sword 
	               comes down from the side and knocks the pistol brutally out 
	               submachine gun. he runs across the foot bridge and is just 
	               promptly blasted with machine gun fire.
	               cacophony of machine gun fire is joined by the musical reports 
	               kehoe guns it, throwing indy back against the cushions.
	               carry submachine guns.
	               bar, raising his submachine gun.
	               the mongolian, who sticks his submachine gun out and fires 
	               gun in hand.
	               mongolian's submachine gun. it roars to life in the general 
	               belzig runs for cover as marion gets control of the gun and 
	               marion throws down the empty submachine gun and moves through 
	               contraband pistols, rifles and ammo. indy is advancing on 
	               machine gun fire. taking cover, he gets quick, intermittent 
	               retreat with a machine gun from the cab of the truck. indy 
	               mounted in the back is a big, black machine gun, manned by a 
	               gunner. at the wheel of the car is gobler and next to him 
	               hides their view. but gobler, belzig and the gunner in the 
	               the gunner fires away and indy, the bullets kicking up sand 
	               road and accidentally sideswipes a boulder. the gunner perched 
	               guns back at indy, alone now in the truck's cab. shliemann 
	               a submachine gun is slung across his back.
	               lower his submachine gun barrel toward the cab. indy is 
	               the tough sergeant has a line on indy. he points his gun. 
	               indy, who has ducked at the gunfire, is confused. but when 
	               he sees the armed guard up front lower his gun, indy again 
	               german wolf submarines. all of their deck guns are manned 
	               pistol from his holster and raise him roughly in their grasp.
	               indy grabs a rifle with bayonet from the prostrate body of 
	               the nazi leveling his submachine gun at indy. she motions 
	               exposed. indy rushes over and grabs the submachine gun and a 
	               slinging the submachine gun over his back. the long carrying 
	               submachine gun. he pulls out his whip, motions her back, and 
	               submachine gun slung over her back. the ark drops heavily 
	               the submachine gun, still on her back, toward the nazis.
	               leveling the submachine gun. indy pushes forward the throttle 
	               as the nazis raise their guns to fire, marion and indy both 
	               noise is deafening, with barking guns, splintering rock, and 
	               submachine gun as indy kicks at his throttle and casts a 
	               gun which he spins quickly around toward the approaching 
	               at the machine gun post, the nazi sentry has been firing 
	               through. the nazi sentry, his machine gun and a dozen bursting 

Adventure: Coraline
---------------------
	</b>          he guns the tractor full-speed over a little bridge,
	          pedals like mad. as coraline hurls a boot at him, he guns
	</b>          wybie guns the throttle, and, leaning out, grabs the

Adventure: Thor
-----------------
	          it's time to pull out the big guns. he touches a wall of the
	          shotgun at thor.
	          a shield guard moves through the base, rifle in hand. from
	          thor notices the ar-15 rifle lying on the ground beside the
	          he raises the rifle -- then flips it over in the air and
	</b>          i want eyes up high. with a gun.
	          wind and rain whip around barton as he stares into his rifle
	          shield agents move in, guns trained on thor, surrounding him.
	          agent's machine gun.

Adventure: Jurassic-Park-The-Lost-World
-----------------------------------------
		trees shiver right beside them.  eddie raises the rifle in
		he slings his rifle off his  shoulder and aims it at the
		-- his gun.  it's an antique elephant gun, a double barreled
		-- his gun.  it's an antique elephant gun, a double barreled
		bead foresight at the business end.  roland scoops up the gun,
		rifle from the back of the vehicle.
		guns it again, forcing the herd back into the middle of the 
		dieter, rifle in hand, drops down into the passenger seat,
		dieter raises the gun, picks a carinthosaur, a red-crested
		gun, picks up a long steel rod, and walks forward slowly.
		gun leaning against a tree.
	</b>		what kind of gun is that?
		roland's gun and brings the butt down viciously on the rex's
		eddie chunks the shifter into four wheel drive and guns the
		guns the engine again.  there is another roar from the jungle.
		equipment, a flare gun and several flares, somebody's tattered
		malcolm screws the barrel into the lindstradt rifle and slings
		nothing, but as he moves closer, gun extended in front of him,
		his gun around, to point it at them.
		dieter bounds into the foliage, looking for his gun.  but the
		ten feet on, he stops, knowing he's screwed without the gun.
		t-rex foot stomps down on the tent, driving the rifle deep
		ill-aimed gunshots back at the rexes.
		he drops his pack, swings his gun off his shoulder, and checks
		ludlow double checks the clip on his semi-automatic rifle --
		-- and smacks it back into the belly of the gun.
		roland gently flicks the safety on his gun to "off."
		squeeze off a short burst of semi-automatic gunfire when the
		roland raises his gun, to draw a bead on the animal, but
		lindstradt rifle off his back and tries to take aim --
		unnaturally beneath him, and claws in the mud for the gun.
		malcolm rolls over and paws the gun off his back.
		malcolm swings the gun around --
		gun barrel now stands between them.  the raptor chomps down
		violently and rolls off of malcolm, yanking the gun from his
		wrench the gun from the raptor's clenched jaws, but it won't
		there comes the loudest single gunshot anyone has ever heard,
		gunshot.
		its massive twenty-two foot wingspread.

Adventure: Django-Unchained
-----------------------------
	          rifles for possible trouble.
	          ace raises his rifle towards the german.
	          ace cocks back the rifle hammer.
	          the next flash of light we see is the good doctors pistol out of his
	          before dicky can maneuver either his rifle or his horse in the germans
	          rifle over there. . .put a bullet in his head,
	          the tiny gun makes a tiny pop sound.
	          and i want two men with two rifles on this
	          roof, and two men with two rifles on that
	</b>          cowboys with rifles climb up stairs to take position on the roof of the
	          with guns. and a buncha other white folks
	          are up on the roof, with rifles pointed
	</b>          a lot of guns are trained on the front door of the saloon.
	          a pretty, fleshy, sweet jelled, twenty-two year old slave gal named
	          contraption,. pops the tiny gun into his hand, and he fires a tiny
	          gun he wears on his hip, but since he's no gunman, in his haste, he
	          gun he wears on his hip, but since he's no gunman, in his haste, he
	          roger's pistol off the ground, and empties it (five shots) into roger.
	          dr.schultz rides his horse up quickly, rifle in his hand. he sees
	</b>          goes to his eye, he follows the rider with his rifle barrel.
	          the german tosses his rifle in the dirt, and raises his hands.
	          we cut back to spencer bennett lying on his belly with six other rifle
	          holes cut out. some carry torches, all carry rifles or shotguns.
	          holes cut out. some carry torches, all carry rifles or shotguns.
	          with a scope sight rifle up to his eye.
	          the two treetop killers let loose with rifle fire.
	          some are shot by the rifle fire. the rest of the men not blown up, and
	</b>          scope sight rifle up to his eye.
	</b>          scope sight rifle up to his eye.
	          insert: a black finger squeezes the rifle trigger.
	</b>          scope sight rifle in his hand, big smile on his face, looks.to
	          django how to draw and shoot the pistol in the holster at his hip.
	          poncho) behind him. dr.schultz carries his scope sight rifle in 'a long
	          he hands django the scope rifle case.
	          steed tony, with his gun hanging from his hip, has become his own man.
	          today, with a gun on his hip, money in his pocket, in his snappy
	          cowboys with rifles act as prison guards.
	          gun.from his pocket, and tosses it on the table in front of scotty.
	</b>          on the third note, pick up the gun and
	</b>          or pick up that gun.
	          django's hand moves away from his gun.
	          bartholomew, with his sawed off shotgun, comes.in behind schultz and
	          schultz and django do, and see bartholomew with his sawed off shotgun
	          the pistols hangin' on those boys'hips?
	          roughly in his grip, broomhilda. he holds a small derringer pistol
	          dr.schultz is blown apart by bartholomew's sawed off shotgun.
	          gun and holster around his waist, he carries a huge bowie knife ina
	          roy removes the pistol from his belt, cocks back the hammer and points
	</b>          floyd, you got that rifle on the wagon, give
	          'em your gun and your belt.
	          floyd unbuckles his gun belt, gun and all, folds it up, and walks over
	          floyd unbuckles his gun belt, gun and all, folds it up, and walks over
	          django holding the gunbelt in his hand.
	          without taking the pistol out of the gunbelt, django shoots floyd twice
	          without taking the pistol out of the gunbelt, django shoots floyd twice
	          django takes the gun out of the holster...
	          jano goes for the gun on his hip.
	          he's shoeless and shirtless, but floyd's pistol and gunbelt sit
	          he's shoeless and shirtless, but floyd's pistol and gunbelt sit
	          he leans over and snatches the rifle that floyd kept on the wagon seat
	</b>          using the rifle in a quick one handed move he shoots the lock on the
	          backed black man riding the horse bareback, holding the rifle in one
	          ace woody (armed with a gun belt.around his hip) dressed in his wyatt
	          leonide moguy (armed with a gun belt around his hip) walks by himself.
	          brown and jingle bells cody (both armed with guns on their hips) both
	<b>          wood - stone - plaster - dirt - dust - glass - smoke - gunpowder
	          ace woody, on the ground, his hand starts to move towards the gun
	          ace woody's hand moves away from his gun.
	          rifle held casually in his left hand. his right hand held casually by
	          the gun on his hip.
	          django, with the rifle pointing at them, just looks at the candie
	</b>          he tosses the rifle away.
	          then moves his right hand by his gun belt in his holster, as he takes a
	          steps away from the white folks and the gunfight.
	          he tosses the ole man the tiny gun.
	</b>          somebody give miss lara a gun.
	          brown gives lara lee one. of his two guns.
	</b>          ace woody starts to go for the gun in his holster, and stephen starts
	          floyd's pistol was quicksilver fast in. his right hand, as his left hand
	          fanned the pistols hammer, shooting instantly all five white people (and
	          my boy? "the fastest gun in the south."
	          django's pistol goes back in its holster.

Adventure: Mission-to-Mars
----------------------------
	               has a big radar gun on a tripod, pointing at the mountain. 
	               resetting the radar gun on its tripod. the deep vibrating 
	               the radar gun. they turn towards luke and willis.
	               towards the radar gun.
	               willis, cote, and kirov get the radar gun up and running.
	               flips a switch on the radar gun, then swivels its muzzle 
	<b>               patch gun
	               quickly woody stuffs the muzzle of the patch gun into the 
	               mcconnell, holding his breath, grabs a patch gun from a 
	               wobbly again, blasts the hole with the epoxy gun. as he works, 
	<b>               the tether gun
	               about the size of a large flare gun. there's a carabiner-
	               like hook five inches in diameter on the front of the gun.
	                         gun while i run out to the remo. 
	               switch on the gun and pulls on the hook. off it comes, 
	               mcconnell the gun.
	               tether gun.
	               from the gun. they watch woody, below and ahead of them, as 
	</b>                         i'm gonna use the gun to slow you.
	               mcconnell hits a button on the tether gun and starts to reel 
	               tether gun.
	               and it is reeled all the way into the gun. phil is already 
	               terri makes a snap decision. she grabs the tether gun from 
	               terri raises up the tether gun and pulls the trigger.
	               comes shooting out of the gun, wire spooling out behind it.
	               and then snap! -- the hook stops. angle on the tether gun
	               the gun.
	               is whipping back toward terri and the gun. woody's voice 
	               the hook slams back against the muzzle of the gun. terri 
	               resets the gun quickly, in an anguished fury.
	</b>                         what about the radar gun? will it 
	               ocher sand, with the radar gun jury-rigged onto its back. 
	               shields it from the face, looming beyond. the radar gun 
	               from the radar gun on ares-8's back, a sharp, high-pitched 
	</b>                         maybe forty-five minutes. it'll be 
	</b>                         if we're not back in forty-five 

Adventure: Fantastic-Four
---------------------------
	</b>                         well, he's welcome to ride shotgun,
	               they see ben holding onto the driver.  they raise their guns.
	               he rifles through a desk drawer, then heads out.  sue stands
	               giant stun-gun!  electric sparks fly through the air into -- 

Adventure: True-Grit
----------------------
	      barreled rifle is tied across the rider's back with a sash cord.
	                     to tote the gun around i will give you an empty flour sack for
	                     by a scatter-gun and his feet burned. he was still alive but
	      edges over by the wash pot and picks up a shotgun. potter
	      remaining sons, you sprang from cover with your revolver in
	                     a corn nubbin, what're you doing with a pistol like that?
	      the bareback horseman enters frame and recedes, rifle tied to his back.
	      the sound of a gun being cocked.
	      leboeuf leaves off the beating to stare at rooster--whose gun is drawn, cocked, and
	      down on the ground rooster turns to face the rider--an indian with a long-bore rifle
	      jacket, crossed bandoliers of rifle shells and a black homburg hat with a feather in its brim.
	      rooster drops his hand to his gun as the rider approaches.
	      a distant gunshot.
	      as mattie descends to where hillside meets structure rooster takes his rifle and walks
	      the door flies open and--bang! bang!--two shotgun blasts.
	      a rifle blast--from rooster. a yelp of pain from inside.
	                       tell them other officers to be careful with their guns! we
	      the door opens again. from the smoky black a shotgun and two revolvers are tossed out.
	      rooster has his gun out now and fires.
	      he takes out his revolver and put a cartridge into the one empty chamber, under the
	      hammer. he places the revolver on a log and puts the sack of cartridges next to the
	      revolver. he leans his rifle against the log. he looks out.
	      leboeuf unholsters a gun. he walks to the cabin, opens the door and peers in.
	      leboeuf unholsters a gun and points it at the four men.
	      the four men, slouched astride their horses, are not impressed by leboeuf's gun. there is
	      leboeuf looks warily from side side, swinging his gun to cover the group. none of the
	      riders bothers to unholster a gun.
	      rope around leboeuf and pulls it tight. leboeuf is jerked off his feet, gun dropping. the
	      a cacaphony of screaming horses, crackling gunfire from the basin, and the boom of
	      as mattie enters. we see leboeuf musing before the fire as he cleans his sharp's carbine
	                     . . . you could not hit a man at three hundred yards if the gun
	                     the sharp'sh carbine izh an inshtrument of uncanny power
	                     i have no doubt that the gun is sound.
	                     leboeuf. there was plenty of guns going off.
	                     i heard a rifle and felt the ball. you mishshed your shshodt,
	      he pulls out a navy six-gun and fires.
	      scowling, he throws a single corn dodger and is just raising his gun when another gun goes
	      scowling, he throws a single corn dodger and is just raising his gun when another gun goes
	      leboeuf has fired with a gun in his left hand, missing.
	      a beat, and he pulls out his six-gun and fires in.
	                     have i held you back? i have a colt's dragoon revolver
	      about him is the silhouette of the rifle projecting over one shoulder, slung to the man's
	      seeing mattie, who still gapes at him, he hastily swings his rifle round and trains it on her.
	      he grins, relaxing. he slings the rifle back over his shoulder.
	      chaney looks at the gun. he grins and puts hands on hips.
	      mattie gives a dismayed look at the gun and tries to pull the hammer back. it has a heavy
	      mattie stumbles and falls back under the recoil, into the stream but careful to hold the gun
	      high and dry. she awkwardly reclaims her footing and retrains the gun. chaney is looking
	      she is struck by a worrying thought. she hastily recocks the gun.
	      she squeezes the trigger, but the gun dry fires.
	      chaney grabs the gun and flings it away, then holds on to mattie and slaps her.
	      intermittent gunshots and the panicked neighing of horses. lucky ned falls back into the
	      he breaks open his rifle and starts to reload.
	      a stout young man with a shotgun leaps out from behind a slab of limestone in front of
	                    my revolver misfired.
	                    like to play pretties, but you like guns do you?
	                    i do not care a thing in the world about guns. if i did i would
	      blackie--in tow. at the top he pauses and turns, and draws a revolver from his saddle and
	      points it skyward. we see the gun kick and breathe gunsmoke. a second later we hear the
	      points it skyward. we see the gun kick and breathe gunsmoke. a second later we hear the
	</b>      lucky ned lowers the glass and takes a gun and shoots skyward. he raises the glass
	      whack--a rifle stock swings into frame, connecting with chaney's head. his head snaps
	      he puts the reins in his teeth, grabs his other revolver with the hand now free, and spurs his
	      over the distant laughter of the idiot, the crackle of gunfire commences.
	      the idiot is gaily waving a revolver over his head, not firing, squawking like a chicken as
	      farrel parmalee has a shotgun. it roars.
	      pinning rooster's leg. his guns are gone, lost in the fall.
	      leboeuf sits cross-legged and brings the butt of his sharp's carbine to rest against his
	      injured shoulder. he nudges the gunstock back and forth, looking for the anchor that will
	      he drops the reins to reach out a gun with his one working arm.
	</b>      he screams as the gun roars and bucks back into his shoulder.
	      lucky ned raises his gun at rooster and--is shot in the chest.
	      as we hear the weakly distant guncrack ned flops backward, slides halfway down one side
	      leboeuf sets the rifle down and gropes at his shoulder.
	      but the carbine recoil pushes mattie stumbling back and this, with the bad footing at the lip
	      the pit fills with roiling gunsmoke.
	      holds a rifle to his back.
	      and then steps away from her, taking out a gun.
	      the horrible noises coming from the horse end with a gunshot. rooster reenters to pick up
	      rooster takes out his gun, weakly raises his arm, and fires into the air. he sits panting.
	      scenes of men on rearing horses firing six-guns, of conestoga wagons, war-bonneted

Adventure: Deadpool
---------------------
	    seatbelt, then lunges forward, locking it up. rifles through
	                     gun, looks up)
	      the helmeted rider opens fire with a sub-machine gun.
	      a bunch of men pile out, each one carrying a beastly gun and
	    worse, click-clack.    the distinctive cocking of shotguns.
	<b>    shotguns.    bam! bam! bam!
	    boom! we're with the final bullet as it hurtles from the gun
	    deadpool puts his mouth to his pistol barrel, inhales... and
	     caliber desert eagle pistol and nonchalantly aims it at him.
	                   (levels gun at jeremy)
	     wade points the pistol at merchant again, sending him
	     wade holsters the pistol and whips out a hunting knife. he
	     an old-fashioned ghetto blaster bangs `shoop.'
	</b>               so he's staring at my glock in his mouth,
	</b>                  one-thousand eight-hundred twenty-two
	      vanessa stops and rifles through her purse for keys.
	       a single gun, underarm holster, boot knife but no swords.
	</b>                       (gun pointed at forehead, a
	       draw their weapons and spray the room with gunfire.
	     out every gun and grenade on god's green earth and stuffing
	     blind al grabs a nerf n-strike elite strong-arm blaster from
	     a drawer (it feels like a gun!) and goes to put it in the
	     deadpool takes the tiny gun and shoves it in the small of his
	     cover of metal scrap, keeping between her and the gunfire.
	                  chance to lay down your firearms in
	     for their guns to track. bullets chew up the ground behind.
	     first man turns, gun barrel swinging `round. deadpool ducks,
	     sweeps his legs, grabs his gun as he goes down.
	     deadpool lands, tosses the empty smoking gun.          then slowly,
	     forward, guns raised.
	     slices the strap of his gun, kicks the man in the chest,
	     a pistol but dp slaps it out of his hand, sends it skittering
	     heavy machine guns - much nastier than any we've yet seen.
	     more gunfire pings off the metal.
	     deadpool continues to hold the pistol to ajax's head.
	<b>     boom!   off-screen, a gunshot.
	     fallen pistol and pumps two extra bullets into ajax's corpse.

Adventure: Adventures-of-Buckaroo-Banzai-Across-the-Eighth-Dimension,-The
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
	jacketless, a sinister pistol visible in the tooled leather shoulder 
	</b>penny takes the gun from her purse and lays it in her lap, tears 
	handle...slowly moving the gun...
	</b>...the crack hong kong cavaliers whip out their guns, snapping back 
	sophisticated rifle accelerator firing a steady stream of protons at a 
	curtain and seized professor hikita, pointing a revolver at the old 
	</b>let those gun belts hit the floor! and nobody follows, or the prof is 
	the pistol stuck in professor hikita's ear convincing the cavaliers to 
	alien john bigbooté at the wheel, alien john gomez riding shotgun, in 
	the cop reaches for his pistol when suddenly john bigbooté whirls and 
	...the hunters stunned, one of them reaching for a shotgun when the two 
	</b>to get my guns.
	</b>his guns?  holy shit.
	the corridor, gun drawn...
	</b>i'll shoot yours off if i had a gun, you double-dealing casanova!  i 
	guns...changes his torn and shredded jacket...penny looking at a 
	</b>you've got your six guns strapped on.  you're ridding off on another 
	shots of cavaliers in empty hallways, guns drawn, discovering evidence 
	...buckaroo firing his guns, wounding the creature, the disoriented 
	sounds in the darkness, buckaroo holding his pistol still at the ready 
	flamethrowers...sawed-off shotguns...buckaroo giving them a chalk talk, 
	...bizarre lamps swaying as gunfire upstairs prompts bigbooté to 
	oncoming arachtoid before turning the gun back on the secretary, who 
	</b>does this thing have guns, john parker?

Adventure: Boxtrolls,-The
---------------------------
	          aiming a medieval looking blunderbuss bolas gun!
	          pickles nervously aims a bolas gun, clearly not comfortable
	          gristle fires his sawed off bolas gun as the truck skids!
	          pickles runs past fumbling with a bolas gun as gristle leaps
	          pickles nervously aims his bolas gun at him.
	          winnie notices gristle wielding a cricket bat, pickles a gun,
	          snatcher talks to himself as he rifles through the coats
	          his bolas gun after him. it wraps around them and they fall

Adventure: TMNT
-----------------
	              suddenly stopped by a machine gun burst! cam cranes over the
	              we see four federales with machine guns surrounding a group
	              -shika-shika - pantera is flanked by 3 machine guns pointed
	          readies his machine gun.
	              kicks, a short machine gun burst and a whump. pantera and
	               on head of alley - the driver guns the bike and kicks up a
	               aguila snarls and fires the tranq gun! raph dives in front of
	          casey guns it - but the bike doesn't work anymore - as gato
	</b>                         i got shotgun!
	          casey guns it for the pier, music tinkling. cam zooms ahead
	</b>          casey guns it, the 12-foot creature mere inches away!

Adventure: Up
---------------
	          gun shot is fired in the air.
	</b>          muntz breaks through the door.    he lifts his rifle and sights
	</b>          kevin lunges, pushing past muntz and knocking the rifle from

Adventure: Into-the-Wild
--------------------------
	    out the rifle sticking out of his backpack. we hear a
	</b>                what's the interest on twenty-two cents?
	<b>      8. a gun and sporting good store
	      snow, in arctic parka, big boots, his warm hat, rifle
	<b>      gunshot.
	      chris comes out, rifle in hand. we track with him as he
	      woods. he lines up his rifle on the animal, about to
	      angle: chris, rifle in hand.
	      machete and pulls his rifle from his shoulder. the moose
	      his own success. he puts the rifle back on his shoulder,
	      full pack and rifle mounted in wide shot beside the
	       considers his rifle and abundant ammunition. but taking

Adventure: Secret-Life-of-Walter-Mitty,-The
---------------------------------------------
	          car tire fires mid-city, skinny goon squads, gun-toting 11-

Adventure: King-Kong
----------------------
	          rifle and fires! click! the gun is jammed. bruce turning to
	          rifle and fires! click! the gun is jammed. bruce turning to
	</b>                    twenty-two fathoms!
	</b>           .. a gunshot!
	          guns hidden there.
	</b>          angles on: guns are handed out.
	</b>          angle on: equipment and rifles are thrown in. the entire ship's
	                       that boat to sink? stow those rifles
	</b><b>          suddenly ... gunshots!
	</b>          angle on: boxes of ammunition and guns have been brought up      from
	                    them knows a which way to point a gun.
	</b>          hayes takes the rifle out of jimmy's hands.
	</b>                    you got guns, you got food, you got
	</b>          close on: jack ... as he slings his gun on his shoulder, turns
	</b>          hayes snatches the gun off him ...
	                    i'm not giving you a gun!
	</b>          hayes's expression softens. he hands the gun back to jimmy.
	          bruce desperately waves a tommy gun at the carnotaur ... towards
	</b>          hayes hurries towards jack, clutching his tommy gun!
	          cut, bruised, covered in dust, soaked in sweat. most of the guns
	</b>          slowly hayes begins to lift his pistol up ... kong's gaze locks
	</b>          kong stares at hayes a beat ... hayes suddenly raises his pistol
	          gun fire.
	</b>          suddenly jimmy notices the tommy gun sticking out of jack's pack.
	</b>          bam! bam! bam! gunshots ring out. spiders swarm out of holes in
	</b>          angle on: bruce swings down from above, clinging to a vine ... gun
	</b>          close on: jimmy, gripping a tommy gun, stands in front of kong ...
	          with his tommy gun.
	</b>          kong roars defiantly as the gun's barrel swings in their
	          closing in. machine-gun fire rips past him as he leaps another
	</b>           n mobile anti-aircraft gun screeches to a halt on 34th street.
	                               shouts to his gunners)
	</b>                             (to his gunners)
	</b>          a sudden bloom of fire erupts from the gun barrel speeding
	          two-seaters, armed with twin machine-guns for the pilot, and a
	          flexible machine-gun for the observer.
	</b>          down gun-sights ... drifting left and right as kong grows in size
	<b>          machine-guns start firing!
	</b><b>          close on: a gunner ...
	</b>          the continued assault ... pov: through the gunners sight as
	</b>          before she can stand another burst of gunfire rakes the building!
	</b>          gunfire smashes into kong. ann looks up ... kong grasps the side

Adventure: Man-Who-Knew-Too-Much,-The
---------------------------------------
	local arab dress, with rifles slung over their backs.
	tuxedo. he wears a dangerous-looking revolver strapped
	gun.
	the assassin now has his gun out in the darkness of
	the gun for the first time.
	a close view of the poised gun in the assassin's box.
	the gun poised.   it fills the screen.
	hand goes for his holster. he pulls out his gun. ben
	the gun as it falls to the floor.
	gun doesn't lower.
	he moves forward on   the group, gun poised. hank
	he slips the gun into his pocket, but still holds it.
	gun goes off in his pocket, and he remains in a crumpled

Adventure: Fantastic-Mr-Fox
-----------------------------
	          about to snap off. he holds a carbine rifle. he stands in
	          wears overalls and a cap. he holds a twelve-gauge shotgun. he
	          fox hesitates, confused. a gunshot fires from among the
	          appear, loading shotguns and running into the confusion. fox
	          run out firing shotguns. fox and kylie escape through a hole
	          jars of cider. they both look badly shaken. a gunshot rings
	</b>          smoke from the three guns floats upward in the night air.
	          armed with bats, pistols, rifles, shotguns, bows and arrows,
	          with a fox-shootin' gun.
	</b>          right. we were at gun-point, and your
	          of a gun-locker in the attic of bean
	          top of a gun locker in the corner. he clears his throat. he
	</b>          -- nine forty-five a.m.
	          bunce loads his shotgun. bean cocks his luger. fox's voice
	</b>          twenty-eight pinecones fired! twenty-two
	          posse hunted my family. your gunmen
	          around, panicking, with their guns blazing.
	          edge of the property. he guns the motor and yells:
	          fox guns the motor. gravel spits from under the spinning
	          around the manhole. boggis's carbine rests across his lap.
	          bunce's shotgun hangs from a strap over his shoulder. bean

Adventure: Beach,-The
-----------------------
	<p>he is alone at a table eating and drinking. on a high shelf several feet away a hollywood action film, all gunshots, car chases, and explosions, plays on the television.</p>
	<p>close in on the nest in the undergrowth. the legs and gun belong to a farmer. he is asleep. his physique is strong and his skin weathered.</p>
	<p>he lifts his gun and stands up to look out over the dope field.</p></ol>
	</b>  <p>looking through the trees, the four dope farmers (with their guns) are 
	  they stand and turn away towards the noise reaching for their guns, cocking 
	  or mats on the ground, each with their gun by their side.</p>
	  <p>very slowly, richard reaches down and lifts the farmer's gun, a 
	  richard withdraws the gun a fraction.</p>
	  <p>he moves very carefully around the shelter, pointing the gun at each 
	  <p>he reaches out behind him to feel for his gun. his hand feels the metal. he 
	  <p>behind him, richard smiles and releases his own grip on the gun.</p>
	  inhabitants cower at gunpoint.</p></i><b>
	  <p>he hits her with the rifle butt.</p></i><b>

Adventure: Hitchhiker's-Guide-to-the-Galaxy,-The
--------------------------------------------------
	        he reaches for a hi-tech gun on the wall.      she stops him.
	         zaphod spins around in his chair, holding a gun but
	</b>                       they're after us! fire a gun! launch a
	        the 3rd arm reaches for a gun in zaphod's vest. the body
	        the 3rd arm disappears.      the gun falls.   a body guard
	</b>                   a gun.
	</b>                   a gun?
	</b>                   a very special gun. designed by the
	</b>                   fine. i'll get your gun.    just give me
	         he pulls out his gun up and fires back.
	          continues anxiously forward, eyeing the police whose guns
	         gun. he trips, falls, drops the arm, picks it up again,
	</b>                  zaphod. the gun? the one humma sent us
	        slides open revealing a large, scary looking gun. a
	        ford hands zaphod the gun.
	</b>                  here.     take it. i don't do guns.
	         pull back to reveal -- ford is hesitantly aiming the gun
	         she take the gun from him.
	</b>                  a gun that makes people suddenly see
	         she can't believe he's asking this.     she aims the gun,
	         to well with tears. she lowers the gun.
	         he grabs the gun, points it at her.
	          table -- right beside the pov gun. they scramble to
	          they try to lift the pov gun but it's way too heavy.
	          marvin -- marches as well, a gun held to his head.
	          barrage of fire continues. trillian drops the pov gun,
	</b>                      we need that gun.
	                      we need tighter gun control!
	         more gunfire erupts. ford spins his towel until it's
	108      she and arthur both run out toward the gun.                     108
	         they each grab the gun just as questular realizes...
	         the police stop their retreat, raise their guns, move
	         arthur and trillian, both clinging to the gun, running
	         back toward the truck. gunfire erupts. a and t trip.
	         the pov gun goes flying and lands in... marvin's arms.
	         forward, sees marvin raising the gun.
	<b>         marvin fires the pov gun,
	         zaphod takes the gun, fires it at questular.       he rises --

Adventure: Detroit-Rock-City
------------------------------
	               suddenly, her eardrums are hammered by machine gun guitar.  
	<b>                                kiss - love gun, side two
	               love gun record waving it in his face.
	               the love gun album sitting in the trash can. camera moves in 
	               242 dl hauling ass. hawk drives, lex rides shotgun, and trip 
	               hawk drives, trip rides shotgun, lex and jam sit in the back.  
	                         the ground and tossed our love gun 8-
	               so it looks like he's got a gun. he takes three deep breaths 
	               pulls the biggest shotgun ever made from under his coat, 
	                         robbed at gunpoint and possibly shot 
	               his shotgun point-blank at trip.
	</b>                         gimme your gun, boy!
	</b>                         no, you gimme your gun, boy!
	</b>                         i don't even think you have a gun!
	               the man with the coat puts his shotgun against trip's head.
	               trip runs up and grabs the shotgun away as the man with the 
	               trip's eyes widen just before... kaboom... the shotgun he's 

Adventure: Jaws-2
-------------------
	               package of gun and ammunition.
	               he carefully puts the gun in the bed table. ellen finds him.
	               fumbling for his gun and the speed-loader with the cyanide 
	               the gun is out now, he's trying draw a bead on the shape in 
	               people see the gun and scream, throwing themselves flat on 
	               police fumbling with his gun.
	               in his gun, trying to put things in order, scrabbling in the 
	                         should've seen him waving that gun, 
	               little gold statuette of a pistol marksman. what's done is 
	                         somewhere... i shot off my gun, shot 
	               guns it away from the dock.
	               he guns the engine as soon as he's clear. hendricks gives 
	               he indicates the lighthouse, then guns his engine.

Adventure: 2012
-----------------
	                            (mimicking gun fire)
	          guns at them.
	</b>          the soldier from earlier points his gun at him.

Adventure: Spider-Man
-----------------------
		and pulling him through the window. the shotgun goes for
		his weapon, but a waldo smashes in and pulls the gun out
		ben flies in and goes right to the rifle on the wall. we
		the acme chemical storage building. gunfire flashes from
		gunshots erupt around spider-man and he skitters around to
		he aims his rifle and spidey ducks out of the way.
		spidey gathers himself tighter. he leaps. a second gun
				(gun burst)
		collect himself. then looks up. the gun is at his head.
		spider-man shoots a wad of web goo onto the cop's gun and
		his gun.
	</b>			(gun poised)
		the little female cop's eyes pop. ock swats the gun from

Adventure: Point-Break
------------------------
	cachack!  ammo clips are snick-snicked into handgun butts
	pig nose #1 moves behind counter, uzi and canvas sack in
	he pops a stick of wrigley's in his mouth, rests a shotgun
	headlights smashed, it guns it backward as--
	pig nose #2, riding shotgun, is trapped.  can't get his
	again until the gun drops.  utah kicks it away as the
	shotgun.
	laser-shotgun and re-triggers pig nose's flak vest.
	magnum shells are fed into a pump shotgun.
	magnum shells are fed into a pump shotgun.
	a silk tie is straightened.  a shotgun slide is cocked.
	facing three shotguns and one very large handgun.
	facing three shotguns and one very large handgun.
	</b>          use a gun, go to heaven.
	the bandits barge in, raise shotguns and order everybody
	ex-presidents charge into bank, raise shotguns.
	maori masks, a blowgun, a skeletal shark mouth two feet
	and two other agents.  all with guns and walkie-talkies.
	microsecond, pistol aimed at... a lawn mower.
	and lowers the gun.  wipes sweat from his eyes.
	grabs a combat shotgun from the closet.  throws it to
	shotgun.
	door.  he snaps the assault rifle to his shoulder.
	window, pistol gripped double-handed like they taught him
	"freight train" lands knee-first on his gun hand, and
	viciously kicks the pistol away with one bloody foot.  it
	big gun and not the slightest idea how to use it.
	it's warchild, running with the shot-gun.
	the shotgun lies nearby, out of play.
	warchild looks up into the black eye of pappas' gun.
	nixon spins, raising his shotgun.
	he flips his big pistol to lbj as the other presidents
	reagan raises the gas nozzle like a gun and holds the
	machine-gun slap of the shoes on pavement, and the hard
	pass, holding a vacuum cleaner like it's shot-gun.
	an outstretched arm holding a gun.
	smoking 9mm beretta in her hand.
	</b>          tyler, put the gun down.
	tyler lowers the pistol slowly, the strength leaving her.
	she goes limp as the sobs rack her body.  the gun flops
	on the 9mm beretta, on the floor under the bed... useless.
	          guns, taking out the guards, getting
	he pulls out a huge holstered handgun, rests it in his
	lap, draws and holds the gun up against his cheek.
	</b>          .454 casull.  most powerful handgun
	he twirls the gun, grabs the barrel and extends the handle
	into the cylinder of the casull.  a shotgun is cocked.
	the guy has his hand on the grip of his pistol but it's
	'our' shotgun comes up like a reflex, right in his face.
	utah stands stiffly with the shotgun.  he seems dazed.
	johnny gestures fiercely with the shotgun.
	back-up gun, a tiny .25 auto in an ankle holster.
	johnny throws down the shotgun.  shows his palms.  he's
	trips and drops his shotgun.
	the cop turns, terrified now, whipping his gun around,
	kaboooom!!!  the world's most powerful handgun proves its
	body armor, and no guns are in sight.  just a couple of
	nathaniel pulls a shotgun out of one of the duffels.
	evident that he is not carrying a gun.
	</b>          good guess.  there's a gun on you
	clocked the tension between the two men.  and the shotgun
	tight on duffel bag, as it opens.  the pistol grip of a 12
	gauge riot-gun sticks out of lots and lots of money.
	roach's hand slides the gun out slowly.
	the shotgun blows a hole in the sky as he hits the deck.
	shotgun.
	he snaps the pistol up, aimed at the sky.
	roach aims the shotgun at him, coughing blood.
	helps him up.  he covers utah with the shot gun as he
	shotgun at the pilot, his face a vicious, blood-flecked
	bodhi stands behind johnny, the shotgun aimed at his head.
	roach holds the shotgun on utah, seated across from him in
	but his gaze is steady, and the shotgun is aimed into
	keeps the shot gun pointed at johnny.
	utah, without a parachute, but carrying a very large gun,
	bodhi looks at the gun.  looks at utah.  grins wildly.
	          gotta drop the gun, first!  right?!
	he swings up into the four-by and guns the engine.  rosie
	hops into the shotgun seat and the truck hurls up

Adventure: Cirque-du-Freak-The-Vampire's-Assistant
----------------------------------------------------
	          as evra pulls darren along. debbie and sam riding shotgun.

Adventure: Lost-in-Space
--------------------------
	john pulls a laser pistol from a wall mount.
	<b>                      gun
	singeing his side, sending into the wall, his gun flying.
	down the gunny hatch leading to the lower decks.
	penny stands guard, a rifle in her hand, talking into her recorder.
	john enters, removes a gun from the weapons locker.
	<b>                      gun
	          voiceprint confirmed. rifle is
	gun-close. a small light goes from red to green.
	judy pulls her gun, fires, hitting a ceiling sensor at the end of the
	          run and get you a gun so we can
	the door slides open and will enters, a laser pistol in hand.
	          this gun is set to fire for me only
	          but i've got a gun.
	          me your trust. give me that gun.
	          enable gun for all users.
	<b>                      gun
	will hands smith the gun.
	          on his shoulder, gun to his head.
	smith walks to older will, puts the gun to his head.
	fiery maw. don guns the engines, heading straight for the chasm.

Adventure: Hunt-for-Red-October,-The
--------------------------------------
	          offtce buflding in forty-five minutes.
	</b>          in the conn, men bang on. everything is at a forty-five degree
	          noise, driving the prey into the guns
	          can't believe his eyes. the goddam shadow has a pistol in hand.
	</b>          of gunfire sprays the conn. everybody scatters. borodin is
	</b>          gunfire?
	</b>          coming face-too-face with a barrage of gunfire. ramius is hit.
	          hangs at a ninety degree angle. gunfire. bullets rip into the
	</b>          flame leaps from the barrel of the .45. the pistol kicks like a

Adventure: Revenant,-The
--------------------------
	          his waist with two pistols and a knife hanging from it. he
	          we hear the explosion of a gunshot.
	          the smoke fades, and at the other end of the rifle we see the
	          world... his rifle so comfortable in his hand it's like he
	<b>          henry - pulling the pistols from his belt...
	          fitzgerald takes off... flips his rifle around, swings it
	          he aims his pistol over his shoulder as he runs... pulls the
	          pig on watch... sitting at the base of a tree, rifle across
	           that shooter of yours.
	          shoulder, and their rifle in their hands.
	          snapping against the trunk. the rifle falls from his hand.
	          tilt the rifle toward the bear... boom.
	          about. murphy stands just outside of camp, rifle ready,
	          henry's awake, but doesn't answer. he's holding his pistol
	          a long beat in the dark, waiting for that gunshot, then...
	          henry standing over glass... pistol aimed down. his hand
	          glass strains to hold out his trembling hand for his gun.
	          bridger musters up all the courage he can... aims his rifle
	          fitzgerald holds his grip on the rifle barrel... flips it
	          as he stares up at his rifle pointed down.
	           gun won't fire without a flint.
	          fitzgerald tosses the rifle back at bridger, and turns away.
	          predator. so he grabs his possibles bag and gunpowder horn,
	          as the fire grows, glass pours a handful of gunpowder from
	          his gunpowder-covered throat.
	          the gunpowder sizzles and burns... the flame spreads...
	           find `em both. get my rifle back.
	</b>           left my rifle down there... don't
	          murphy fakes a laugh... raises his rifle down at fitzgerald.
	<b>          and gunshots flash through the air all around him.
	          glass drops the rifle to grip the horse's mane, hanging on
	          then glass slides trapper #1's pistol from his belt... aims
	</b>           and this shooter here. all made
	          they stand outside, rifles aimed into the distance.
	          glass has the pistol jammed into his ribs, and keeps glancing
	          the rumble of distant gunshots... too far away to reach
	          stubby bill sits dozing in a chair, his rifle across his lap.
	          glass walks toward bridger, the gun still raised... each step
	          bridger... stand over him, the pistol aimed down.
	          glass pistol whips bridger, knocking him to the floor. and
	          glass spins... jams his pistol right in henry's face.
	          flashing open. he raises up... rifle ready.
	          ...staring out into the darkness, as the gunshot echoes over
	          glass moves silently through the darkness... rifle poised to
	          o.s. gunshot explodes in the distance. glass spins to it...
	          with his rifle ready...
	          ...and we see he's a bloody mess... a gunshot wound in his
	          and fitzgerald has that rifle aimed, ready for glass to
	          ...to glass laying across the horse... rifle dead set on
	          fitzgerald... boom... boom... both rifles explode...

Adventure: World-is-not-Enough,-The
-------------------------------------
	<b>       gun barrel logo opens on
	       three thugs in armani suits.  they remove a gun from inside
	       he nods.  an armani thug steps up and takes out a gun...
	       kaboom!  the pistol on the table flashes...blinding those
	       he karate-chops henchman #1 unconscious, taking his gun.
	       barrel of his borrowed hand gun into the hollow of lachaise's
	                     (bond cocks the gun)
	       except henchman #1 has recovered, blocks his way, gun in
	       city.  propped against the doorframe, an assassin's rifle
	       then she guns the engines and speeds off down the thames.
	       her large, rear-mountain machine gun and taking aim at
	<b>       bond steers his boat right over the machine gun and turret...
	       the cigar girl, brandishing her gun, forces her way through
	       he gets out, and is immediately surrounded by men with guns.
	       davidov pulls out bond's gun.
	</b>                     (re:  gun)
	       davidov ignores him, looking the gun over.
	       davidov's radio crackles out a message and he tosses the gun
	       gunfire echoes out from the black shapes, now visible as
	         appears in front of him...guns blazing...
	       smile grows:  she has a small pistol concealed over one
	       automatic rifle cocked at davidov.
	       donning her khaki pants and combat boots and straps a gun
	                 control. i got to a gun and i took my
	       he stops. he has heard something. he draws his gun. he walks
	       davidov pulls his hand gun from inside his coat, but bond is
	       quicker.  with a silenced pistol he shoots davidov in the
	       unit folds out of it.  a big soldier with a machine gun waits
	       the soldier points his gun down at him. says something to him
	       renard starts toward him.  bond draws his gun.
	       bond aims his gun at renard's head.
	       and presses the gun to his temple.
	       as bond screws a silencer onto the muzzle of his gun:
	       see bond with silenced pistol aimed at the kneeling renard --
	                 drop your gun.
	       the soldiers' guns are trained on bond.
	       he pulls the clip from his gun, tosses it down.
	       releases a false lining to reveal several machine guns...
	       one of colonel akakievich's men gestures with his gun that
	       him away, yanks a pistol from his holster, grabs christmas,
	       do two of his men.  the gunfire ricochets around the chamber
	       machine gun at bond -- it hits the wall next to him, breaks
	       machine-gun fire turns the wall next to bond to dust -- bond
	       bond was waiting for.  he moves.  the gunman frozen in the
	       and he machine-guns some barrels.  rocket fuel spills out.
	       bond fires his gun at the hissing hydraulic pulleys and...
	       the gunfight continues as the armed men take out zukovsky's
	       the chauffeur is shot and killed.  the gunmen then turn their
	       bond shoots one of the gunmen, then fires on the other...
	       sees a third gunman firing from the basement and takes him
	       gunfight and exits.
	       the building, picks up a flare gun.  he jumps down to a
	       bond fires the flare gun...
	       himself up, soaking wet.  he's holding another harpoon gun.
	       the harpoon gun -- squeezes the trigger.
	       his gun when...
	       two's gun is caught up in them...he is instantly
	       bond slips out his gun holding it out of sight close to his
	       brings him to his knees.  he struggles to bring up his gun -
	       he glances down to his right - his gun - just out of reach.
	       suddenly the boa's foot kicks out, knocking the gun across
	                 what good is your gun now, bond?
	       the boa runs out the back door.  bond finds his gun, holsters
	       gabor is there. gun trained on him.
	       ... when several gunshots are heard outside.
	       elektra moves to her gun.  just then, gabor crashes through a
	       they open up with machine guns, but two shots from zukovsky
	       she picks it up, walks to him (surreptitiously sliding a gun
	       she walks over, puts her heel on his gun arm, presses down,
	       smiling a half-psychotic smile.  the gun is pinned.
	       but he dredges up every last ounce of energy to raise his gun
	       to zukovsky, checks his pulse, takes the bloody gun from his
	       but bond isn't wavering.  clutches zukovsky's bloody wet gun.
	       his gun to his head.
	                     (re:  gun)
	       out with the butt of his gun.
	       is recovering, has found a flare gun near him.  raises it to
	       gun off him.

Adventure: Logan's-Run
------------------------
	g. both barrels (of logan and francis' respective guns) glow again
	logan smiles, takes off gunbelt, etc.
	logan takes his gun and points it at her.
						(offering jessica the gun) 
	ground and pulls out his gun.
	</b>					(moving the gun slowly 
	logan tucks the gun back into his waist.
	stunned and uncertain, francis aims his gun toward logan and
	francis fires his gun. a moment later, as the burning body topples
	at the flash of fire from francis' gun, they turn.
	gun in hand...running through cathedral toward the maze-car
	shocked as logan reaches for his gun.
	in an instant he has knocked logan's gun away....and as logan looks
	holly and, grabbing up his gun and tunic, heads for the entrance.
	entering...gun in hand.
	enraged, finds his gun on the floor and, before rising, gets off a
	is unable to draw his gun.
	looming huge, gun drawn, apparently only a few feet away.
	logan pulls out his gun.
	logan is firing his gun futilely with his right hand...while moving
	</b>looking frightened as he looks up at the moon and the stars his gun
	francis jumps up in great fear and starts firing his gun...blasting
	he is breathing hard (fear)...and looking around...gun in hand.
	the first row of the gallery...with his gun pointing down at logan,
	looking at his palm....shocked...dropping his gun. it falls on the
	</b>manages to get one of the sandmen's guns, instantly blasting him

Adventure: Starman
--------------------
	               carrying a shotgun the officer motions benny and mike to fan 
	               out on either side of him and, guns drawn, they cut across 
	               trembling, raises the gun.
	               is heard. he pumps a shell in the chamber of his shotgun and 
	               his shotgun and fires wildly at it. the figure veers off and 
	                         have two thirty calibre machine guns, 
	                         three m16's and some handguns.
	               nothing happens. with the gun ready, she turns the knob and 
	               begins to tremble and lowers the gun.
	               takes the gun from her.
	               now. the star man picks up the gun and the pouch and, speaking 
	               door. he raises the gun, examines it quickly, then with his 
	               passenger door. the gun lies on the seat next to him. they 
	               he raises the gun off his lap. jenny tries to distract him.
	               view. the star man lowers the gun and looks at jenny.
	               floor for the gun. he comes up with it and, shoving the barrel 
	               expletive in his language he points the gun in her face and 
	</b>                         could you put the gun down?
	               the star man just stares at her. she points to the gun.
	</b>                         gun... down... down.
	                         him with a gun and shouted at him in 
	                         gunpoint and from what we can make 
	                         the gun down. under the seat. under 
	               the star man stuffs the gun into the left pocket of his baggy 
	               tries the knob. with the other hand he inches the gun slightly 
	                         now!!! kidnapped is pointing a gun 
	               waits for her to calm down, then slowly takes the gun out of 
	</b>                         it's messy... the thing's got a gun... 
	</b>                         can i have the gun?
	               car slips in next to jenny. the star man grabs the gun from 
	</b>                         he's got a gun!!
	               a shotgun blast from the middle patrol car rips through the 
	                         gun but we want them alive. 
	                         you. put down your gun and come out. 
	               men in the field. he sees that their guns are drawn and 
	               takes out a staple gun and refastens the dark green plastic 
	               guns blazing, it comes straight at them.
	               machine gun knocks out the back window before he can fire.
	               the gunsights lock on the car below. the co-pilot squeezes 
	               from the cobra finds them. its machine guns begin to raise 
	               the gunsights lock in on jenny and the star man. fox's grip 

Adventure: Broken-Arrow
-------------------------
	          jim grins. but the ranger pulls out a pistol and shoots jim,
	<b>          a gun
	</b>          pulls the trigger and the gun fires.
	</b>          deakins goes for another shot, but hale grabs the gun and pushes
	          walls. deakins forces the gun down, fires.
	</b>          hale brings deakins' gun hand hard against hale's own helmet.
	          deakins yowls and the gun goes flying. then hale sees something.
	</b>          hale is stunned. terry starts to get up, reaching for her gun.
	          her back. she hits the ground, still struggling for her gun.
	</b>          is walking slowly, calmy, up behind hale, pistol out.
	          terry puts away her gun, spins hale around and starts marching
	          got a gun.
	</b>          yeah, well, i never keep my gun
	</b>          terry holds out her hand. hale lets the revolver swing down on
	          guns and shit? i don't want to
	</b>          whips out a silenced rifle and shoots.
	</b>          barely has time to raise his rifle before he's hit. he drops.
	</b>          newsflash. two gunships just left
	          lett aims a sniper's rifle down into the crevice. he flips a
	</b>          raises his pistol and shoots at the source of the laser.
	          button and machine guns on the sides open up.
	</b>          give me your gun.
	</b>          is down in the fissure, pointing the revolver straight up at the
	          gunships fueled just in case.
	          hale takes terry's gun from her.
	          (checks gun)
	</b>          bullets punch up. hale pulls out the gun. it falls from his
	          she slides the pistol along the truck roof.
	</b>          grabs the gun out of the air as...
	</b>          baker sticks his gun out the window and aims at terry and starts
	          to pull the trigger when he stops, feeling a gun against the
	</b>          gimme the gun and get out.
	</b>          reaches forward and grabs baker's gun as...
	          baker's gun into her belt.
	</b>          the muzzle flashes from his uzi give away his position and hale
	</b>          grab their guns and run.
	</b>          grabs johnson's uzi and, firing both guns, backs to the
	</b>          grabs johnson's uzi and, firing both guns, backs to the
	          hits the up button with the butt of one of the guns and the
	          deakins opens fire with his uzi on the generator. sparks fly
	          with a gun?
	          an uzi -- sheppard -- waits, duffel bag by his feet.
	          gun ready. the engine stops. a few seconds later...
	          them the gunmen -- are hauling the nuke to the truck. deakins
	          what to do. he quickly grabs a pistol from the helicopter's
	          gun, sits back.
	          doesn't understand, so giles grabs hale's gunhand and puts the
	          gun up to his head.
	          wilkins looks back, sees hale holding the gun to giles' head.
	<b>          the four gunmen
	</b>          as he puts a gun to the back of terry's head.
	          with a gun.
	          (puts gun to terry's
	          deakins shrugs -- he sees her logic. he puts his gun to terry's
	          just then, they hear gunfire. max gives deakins a look.
	          the gunman at the caboose is firing on wilkins's helicopter,
	          max holds a pistol on terry with one hand while he quickly sets
	</b>          terry swings hard and fast with the wrench, knocking the gun out
	          max goes for his gun.
	</b>          as max turns back with the gun, terry heaves the wrench. it
	</b>          they've got guns!
	          deakins and the gunman keep firing on the helicopter as...
	<b>          deakins and the gunman
	<b>          deakins and the gunman
	</b>          jump from car to car. the gunman passes deakins. just when the
	</b>          runs away from deakins, shooting max's pistol behind her blindly.
	<b>          two gunmen
	</b>          is caught between deakins and the gunmen with no way out when...
	<b>          the first gunman
	<b>          the second gunman
	<b>          the second gunman
	</b>          who turns, firing a shotgun. hale's bullets find him. he falls.
	</b>          appears, firing an uzi at hale, terry and the helicopter.
	          gun.
	<b>          the shotgun
	</b>          left by deceased gunman #2.
	          deakins and the one remaining gunman hear the helicopter. they
	          gunman. he raises his gun, trying to figure out where to shoot.
	          gunman. he raises his gun, trying to figure out where to shoot.
	          then they hear someone tugging at the hatch handle. the gunman
	          hale racks a load in the shotgun and jumps back off the side of
	          the gunman hears a sound, starts to turn, just as...
	</b>          swings into the boxcar on the cable, firing the shotgun.
	<b>          the gunman
	</b>          shoots at deakins, misses. the shotgun clicks empty. hale
	          tosses the gun then unhooks the cable from the harness. he
	</b>          deakins turns, pulling his gun and shoots down at the train as...
	<b>          a pistol
	</b>          pointing a gun at him.

Adventure: Cars-2
-------------------
	          finn produces semi-automatic guns from his side, readies
	          rod redline, careful, slides a gun out of his tire. he is
	          a gunfight ensues between finn and acer. finn shoots acer's
	</b>           "gatling gun" request acknowledged.
	          whirrrrr! guns roll out of mater on each side.
	          mater is thrown backward by the force of the guns, back
	          suddenly, mater's gatling guns rotate out again - a surprise
	          he carefully rotates his guns back in, pretending like he's
	          the guns rotate out again, spin. mater watches as the
	          not to jump the gun.
	          holley immediately shoves a gun in zundapp's grill.
	          guido pulls some lemon tires off with his air gun. in seconds
	           guns drawed. we was goners. but

Adventure: Thunderbirds
-------------------------
	               gun from lady penelope's hand)

Adventure: Pirates-of-the-Caribbean-Dead-Man's-Chest
------------------------------------------------------
	               [sudden gunblast from inside the casket blows the crow away, 
	</b>               [hand holding flintlock pistol emerges, pans about, points it 
	               [jack grabs his pistol and points it at the bird]
	               [jack attempts to shoot the monkey with his pistol, his pistol 
	</b>               [jack grabs a pistol from another crewman and blasts the monkey 
	</b>               [the guard at the bottom of the steps holds a long gun with a 
	</b>               [a cannibal with a bone through his nose uses a blowgun to shoot 
	</b>               [norrington spots jack sneaking off behind him, points a pistol 
	               as norrington points his pistol at jack]
	               [someone deflects norrington's pistol upwards as it fires]
	</b>                         let them taste the triple guns.
	</b>                         all guns, defend the masts! 
	               of gunpowder]
	</b>                         pull the grates! get all the gunpowder 
	</b>               [hands elizabeth a long gun]
	               [the crew is busy loading barrels of gunpowder from the hold]
	</b>               we are short stocked on gunpowder. six ?barrel/?below.
	               [will hangs onto the side of the net of gunpowder barrels, attempting 
	</b>               [another crewmember picks up the rifle and attempts to shoot, 
	</b>               [the rifle drops onto the deck above elizabeth]
	</b>               [jack picks up the rifle and takes aim at the gunpowder]
	</b>               [jack picks up the rifle and takes aim at the gunpowder]
	               [slow motion scene of jack firing a ball into the gunpowder]
	</b>               [ball whistles through the air, strikes the gunpowder, which 
	               guns]

Adventure: Hellboy
--------------------
	               other gi's take up positions below a machine gun nest.
	               the machine gun nest as grenades explode everywhere.
	               a rustling sound reaches their ears. matlin readies a handgun 
	               matlin cocks his pistol and nervously approaches a crumbling 
	               whitman points his gun at the scarlet shape above. broom 
	               double-barrel, blue-finished, handgun ever made. a veritable 
	</b>                              (hefting the gun)
	                              (raises his gun)
	               hellboy turns away for a moment. puts his gun away, like a 
	               gunslinger.
	               abe and broom backpedal fast. myers pulls out his gun, and 
	               hellboy catches sight of his big gun, lying on the ground. 
	               myers goes for hellboy's gun... and grabs it! he takes cover 
	               myers proudly shows him the gun.
	               he grabs his gun and tries to reload, but his arm hurts too 
	               he hands him the gun and a fresh clip. reaching into his 
	               instantly wraps around the gun's muzzle.
	               green as the tracking bullet lodges within the gun. then -- 
	<b>               inside gun shot
	               and puts away his gun.
	               six guards hurry in. they point their flashlights and guns 
	               the last guard raises his gun.
	               the figure darts away. hellboy tears after it, gun in hand.
	               he pulls out his gun and runs after hellboy.
	               agent quarry raises his gun and fires at the dark shapes. 
	               hellboy hears the gunfire, starts running.
	               crash!!! liz screams and myers draws his gun. smashing through 
	               myers holsters his gun and follows liz. hellboy is all alone 
	               flashlight and a gun.
	               hellboy readies his gun and then creeps toward the lab.
	               hellboy pulls out his gun and fires a round into the chest 
	               hearing the hunter's gunshots. a staggering hellboy sees 

Adventure: Losers,-The
------------------------
	          roque responds by tossing a .357 magnum from his belt in.
	</b>          ripping across the desert. pooch drives, clay shotgun,
	</b>          cougar takes the butt of his rifle and smashes the laser
	</b>          wham! clay decks her. she reels back -- loaded glock up
	          immediately have their pistols out facing down an entering
	</b>          clack-clack. the pilots turn as two machine guns jam up
	          roque lowers the gun.
	          guns, frag grenades, body armor.
	          roque has a silenced long gun out as the second truck
	          rifle - a monster of a weapon with a bulky starlight scope.
	          rifles trained at his head from every direction. fennel
	          team. they drop their guns and raise their hands...
	</b>          and then roque pulls his gun. levelling it at aisha:
	</b>          clay jams a gun to his temple...
	          cougar shotgun, roque in back. back door slides open and
	</b>          jensen slow turns to find three guns trained straight at
	          like a gun aimed at the guard's kevlar covered vest.
	</b>          roque and pooch behind him, guns drawn. aisha's hand
	          dips into her purse and comes up with a gun faster than
	           she's got a gun and it's pointed...
	           ...at my dick! her gun is pointed
	          car, long guns up and out...
	          alarm... click! safety off on a gun pressed to his
	          temple. fuck. he lays down the gun and puts his hands
	          end of the line. the lead guard racks his machine gun.
	          levelling the rifle at his head...
	          blaster locked and loaded. looking like an old testament
	          rifles and tosses one to jensen - they give her covering
	</b>          a figure emerges from an overturned truck. gun in each
	          figure lowers his guns. desert eagles. walks up to her.
	</b>          and then, incredibly, cougar lays his rifle at her feet.
	          equally surprised. she levels her pistol at his head...
	</b>          a gunshot. muzzle flash from aisha's gun. cougar falls...
	</b>          a gunshot. muzzle flash from aisha's gun. cougar falls...
	          wheel guns the engine and they peel out...
	</b>          wade raises his uzi and fires - taking out the van's front
	</b>          cougar guns the engine, catching up to the taxiing
	</b>          jensen enters, carrying a machine gun.
	</b>          cougar passes clay his sniper rifle and floors it...
	          cougar's rifle between the spokes of wade's front tire,

Adventure: Hellboy-2-The-Golden-Army
--------------------------------------
	          leather jacket. she jams an automatic handgun into her
	<b>          shotgun.
	          marble gasps and drops his gun. dozens of creatures emerge
	          bellowing in disgust, he fires his shotguns, splattering
	          with the shotgun, wading further into the room.
	          others with the butt of his shotgun. as flames leap up, the
	          guard 2 is cleaning his gun.
	          hear?? worse than cheney with a shotgun.
	          suddenly, from the next alley, rapid gunfire. johann leans
	          over, and to address hellboy through a cloud of gunsmoke.
	          guns drawn, all of them aiming at the prince and his
	          his huge gun and starts firing as johann grabs a torch and
	</b>          abe steps past hellboy and removes his gunbelt and equipment
	          hellboy starts to leave, but spins around and takes his gun

Adventure: Rambo-First-Blood-II-The-Mission
---------------------------------------------
	</b>		tranquilizer syrette gun.  borrowed
			caliber machine gun... one little
	</b>		in 'nam i flew gunships.  million
	</b>		i was crossed-trained in gunships.
	he hefts an automatic rifle and checks the action.
	rambo pushes his rifle barrel aside and takes a step
	caliber machine guns to bear.
	the deck gunner racks the bolt on his r.p.k. machine gun.
	the deck gunner racks the bolt on his r.p.k. machine gun.
	the patrol captain draws his service pistol and jumps down
	tower.  a russian-made p.k. 7.62mm machine gun sits
	smeared with mud, and carries only the pistol crossbow.
	netting.  their rifles are stacked against the far wall.
	kinh grins, gaptoothed.  he pulls a .45 pistol from his
	rifle to co, while donning his pack.
	trigger hand, aiming the gun.
	he spins back, his rifle blasting away harmlessly into the
	night air roars in the open door and lifer, on door gun,
	the clack of a rifle bolt over the rotor noise and turns.
	he turns and lets his rifle drop into the water.  he takes
	the colonel has let the pistol drop, until it is dangling,
	rambo's guard slams his rifle butt into the american's
	uh-1b gunship outfitted with a pedestal-mounted minigun
	uh-1b gunship outfitted with a pedestal-mounted minigun
	and m-60 door gun.
	his rifle is raised, warding off evil.
	rambo snatches podovsk's makarov pistol from his holster.
	then holds palyushin transfixed by his pistol sights as co
	black beret, pistol ready.
	their assault rifles simultaneously.
	unused pk machine gun and opens fire.
	his hands clutch the handles of a machine gun as he scans
	distant shout, then a quick burst of gunfire.
	tay drops his rifle and runs back through the jungle.
	his pistol through the window at the terrified old man
	staring up rambo's rifle barrel.  he closes his eyes and
	palyushin crosses the compound to the huey gunship which
	the big russian appreciatively pats the minigun bolted in
	aim the "minigun."
	blasts from the minigun as its gatling-gun barrels rotate
	blasts from the minigun as its gatling-gun barrels rotate
	the vietnam war, the general electric m-134 minigun fires
	the sound is not that of a machine gun but rather a solid
	</b>		minigun.  come on.  let's move.
	they sprint across the courtyard as the minigun roars
	with a conventional door gun, an m-60.
	palm upward, stripped of foliage by the minigun.
	the viet pilot banks, motioning to his door gunner.  below
	the pilot descends as the gunner opens fire.  the .30
	he returns with the minigun reloaded.
	palyushin's door gunner swings his sling-mounted "free 60"
	looking rambo clambering in the gun door.
	m-60 door gun on its mount, blocking the russian.
	they crash together into the wall by the minigun ammo
	rambo desperately catches the handles of the door gun,
	stopping his plunge into space.  his weight swings the gun
			gunships...
	rambo unleashes the minigun.  the left guard tower
	the huey pivots nimbly.  the minigun roars again.
	the guards barracks seems to disintegrate as the minigun
	metallic mist.  the minigun speaks.
	the sgt. flings the pistol away and turns toward the
	rambo has detached the door gun from its sling and, with
	</b>		can you handle the door gun?
	the mil mi-24 nosegun begins firing and the ground erupts
	rambo immediately banks tight to get out of the nosegun's
	brewer swings the door gun and gets off a long burst as
	inside the computerized weapons bay the gunner hunches
	gunship "onto the deck," tearing down through an opening
			minigun?
				(to gunner)
	a shriek.  the gunner tenses to fire.
	rambo throws the gunship sideways and climbs in one
	motion... bringing the minigun to bear.
	the minigun blast forth its stream of fire.
	the barrels of the minigun continue to rotate, dry-
	lifer lounges in the gun door of the "blackhawk" as the
	behind them on the deck of the gun bay lifer is out cold.
	with a rifle to doyle's head.
	rambo goes to the gun door.  takes de fravio's ak-47.

Adventure: Master-and-Commander
---------------------------------
	   great guns projecting from every gun-port.
	   great guns projecting from every gun-port.
	           armament: 28 guns crew: 197 souls.
	<b>9. gun-deck - night
	by the galley stove at the forward end of the gun-deck a few
	<b>10.    between two guns - night
	powder-monkeys who ferry powder from the hold to the guns
	boxes of gunpowder to the...
	<b>26. gun-deck
	partitions, transforming the entire gun-deck into a single
	as the crews swarm about their guns, grotesque shadows are
	</b>           run out the guns! marines to the tops,
	<b>36a.   gun deck
	hollom is nervously supervising a gun crew which includes
	           right. run out your guns.
	gun-captains stand ready, the slow-match burning in the tubs.
	the drum-roll is all but drowned by the blast of the guns.
	the smoke clears, the gunners look on baffled as their balls
	</b>           damn and blast you! see to your guns!
	as the enemy's murderous long guns run out again.
	follow davies as he runs up to the gun-deck with the shot
	canisters of gun-powder slung over their shoulders, then he
	<b>46.   on the gun-deck
	gun once stood. its crew lie scattered, horribly wounded or
	the dismounted gun and twelve pound shot are rolling around
	turns to see the dismounted gun rolling free. he throws a
	in the great jagged hole on the gun-deck where the gun was
	in the great jagged hole on the gun-deck where the gun was
	<b>49.   gun-deck, surprise
	the great guns go off all together. the cannons leaping back
	around, the enemy ship moving astern in mist and gun-smoke.
	<b>57.   gun-deck
	spirals of drifting smoke. blackened bleeding men, their guns
	gouts of water from the enemy gunfire rise not fifty yards
	at them, her guns now getting the range of the surprise.
	crewmen furiously at work cutting the ropes securing the guns
	quarterdeck guns tumble into the ocean.
	(note: they only abandon guns on the quarterdeck, not their
	main armament on the gun-deck.)
	momentarily illuminated by flashes of gunfire from their
	</b>          and   40 guns to our 28, i counted the
	shaken by the loss of his gun-crew.
	gun-deck.
	<b>87.     gun-deck - day
	           now, mr. hollar, and the guns moved to
	the deck is now sloping at a forty-five degree angle. killick
	<b>120.        gun-deck - same time
	a rippling broadside, the crews sweating over their guns.
	          gun?
	blakeney takes command of the gun. to one side calamy is in
	'cast loose your guns', 'cartridge. ball. prime. run out your
	gun. prime. aim. stand clear... fire!!'
	</b>          out tompions... run out your guns...
	          your guns... fire!!
	<b>124.   the gunpowder room
	the sound of the guns is faint down here, at least when heard
	the noise of the guns is deafening and he hastily replaces
	<b>126.        on the gun-deck - night
	and he stops the watch as the first gun fires.
	his voice is drowned by the firing of the other guns in close
	mates as the gun-deck partitions are cheerfully re-erected.
	<b>                    gun-crews
	          till they finally our-ran her. forty gun
	ahead, the bank of storm clouds loom gunmetal grey.
	<b>157.        on the gun-deck - day
	the men and swamping the guns.
	          faster ship, with its long guns, is
	he is interrupted by a bundle of guns clattering on board
	</b>          that engagement off recife: his whole gun
	bonden struggles to decipher it there's the sound of a musket
	howard, the captain of marines, reloads his smoking musket
	<b>178.        gun-deck - day
	calamy can't drag the bigger boy off. he whips a pistol out
	visible from the gun-ports.
	          gun frigate. that is the job in hand sir.
	again a crackle of gunfire, but the bird is apparently
	distant ship at anchor. repairs are underway, guns being
	metal cauldron from the ballast to the gun-deck.
	the gunwales are painted an untidy ochre and the gun-ports
	<b>254.        gun-deck - dawn
	men are checking the breechings of the great guns and
	another team check and load pistols by the score.
	              (then down to the gun-deck)
	          will command a gun and then retire to
	          gunner, mr. pullings.
	<b>260.   the gun-deck
	hundred of them crammed together with their muskets and
	           mr. pullings. canvas off the gun-ports,
	portuguese colours, as pullings descends to the gun-deck.
	                 (shouts down to the gun deck)
	<b>272. quarterdeck/ gun-deck, surprise
	through a furious exchange of musket fire jack runs down the
	ladder to the gun-deck-
	</b>             fire as she bears! every gun to
	through the gunports the acheron's great hull becomes
	visible. some of the acheron's guns have run out, but the
	<b>273. the surprise guns
	over their side, obscuring many of their gun-ports.
	<b>275. gundeck/quarterdeck, surprise -
	<b>277a.   gundeck, surprise
	<b>278.    gun-deck, surprise
	in random sequence the surprise's gunners pound it into the
	and glass, exposing the acheron's terrified gun-crews, now
	spars interlocking, the surprise guns firing into her at
	protecting their rear, a pistol in each hand, firing from the
	the sleeve. bonden fires a pistol by his ear, deafening jack
	killick is in the thick of it, a pistol in either hand, and
	picks up a pistol and with deadly accuracy shoots a privateer
	a swivel-gun mounted on the taff-rail is swung to face them.
	the gunner is about to fire when a perfectly-aimed musket
	the gunner is about to fire when a perfectly-aimed musket
	stern, bodies, guns upended, shattered timbers.

Adventure: Abyss,-The
-----------------------
	                tranquilizer gun.
	trident c-4 missle.  like looking down the barrel of a gun at the bullet
	a clack!  snaps the bolt.  tosses the rifle to schoenick.
	with the assault rifle aimed at the group.
	he hands his gun to monk, with the assumption of absolute loyalty from a team
	the far wall, moaning.  jammer hands the rifle to hippy as he walks in.  hippy
	sees hippy run in, waving the assault rifle around like a 130-pound rambo.
	hippy clumsily raises the unfamiliar rifle at coffey, visible inside his
	gun... doesn't seem to care.
	looks up to see coffey's sub gun it up over the wall, out of sight.  she

Adventure: Inglourious-Basterds
---------------------------------
	          yet the lapadite women watch the nazi soldiers, machine guns at ready,
	          wy tear up the wood floor with machine gun fire.
	          gunfire. the colonel keeps his finger in the air to indicate silence.
	          gunned for sheltering enemies of the
	          had a gun pointed at your balls since
	</b>          we see all three guns pointed at appropriate crotches. as well
	          female sgt.beethoven and stiglitz bring their guns toward each
	          the shooting stops...the smoke caused by the gunfire ... starts
	          come down, no guns!
	          gunny i thought we had a deal?
	</b>          you need guns on me for it to be
	</b>          you got guns on us, you decide to
	          came down without guns. now it's
	          just in a nazi gun fight. now i
	          a small gun, and puts it in the pocket of her dress., and it's
	          the soldier's gun is out of it's holster, and rising toward
	          fires a gun concealed under it.
	          his gun, firing hitting donny in the chest...
	</b>          fredrick hears the gunshots below them, and turns towards the
	          while fredrick's back is turned, shosanna takes a gun out of
	          shosanna, gun in hand, looks out projection booth window into
	          the on screen battle rages so loudly with gunfire, that her

Adventure: Paul
-----------------
	          we hear graham squeal with delight. the rv guns up the road
	</b>          britain, huh? nice place. no guns!
	</b>          no guns? jesus cheeerist.
	          loading a shotgun.
	          moses levels the gun at his target. paul leaps into graham's
	          glances at something nearby. pull focus to the shotgun, lying
	          we gun it, maybe we can get the
	</b>          clive picks paul up. haggard approaches, gun drawn.
	          gets out, shotgun in hand.
	          room. he levels his pistol at paul and squints.
	</b>          (levelling his shotgun)
	          face fixed with serious intent, gun in one hand, torch in the
	          bullet explodes from the gun, straight at us. angle on the
	          leaves his gun at voice just as the pilot bursts from the
	          holding a smoking gun.
	          fucking gun.
	          voice points his gun at paul.
	          see moses behe, shotgun smoking in his and. his face white,
	          moses drops his shotgun and lumbers over, distraught.
	</b>          the group turn to see voice, upright, pointing his gun.

Adventure: Postman,-The
-------------------------
	    alert, carbine in hand, the postman leads in the mule.
	    the postman takes his carbine and a burlap sack and
	    carbine in reach.
	    reaches for the carbine only to find the barrel of a
	    shotgun pointed in his face.
	    shotgun, a rifle and a revolver. the lead bandit kicks
	    shotgun, a rifle and a revolver. the lead bandit kicks
	    the carbine out of reach.
	    the hulking bandit, raises his shotgun. the butt end.
	    shotgun, the postman climbs, disappears through the hole
	</b>                 so use his gun.
	    the hulking bandit picks up the carbine and aims. click.
	    it isn't loaded. the hulking bandit tosses the gun aside,
	    rifle and fires at the postman.
	     they're armed with mostly pistols and rifles. some carry
	     bows, knives, spear guns and swords. on their bare
	     idaho silences him with a rifle butt to the head.
	     bethlehem looks to getty. click. getty shoves a pistol
	     wagons heave out of ruts. a monster gun is mounted on an
	     idaho's about to hand the postman a carbine when --
	     a rifle barks a shell back after the postman, but he
	     clearing. idaho grins, relaxes his grip on his gun when
	     as woody rushes him, idaho raises his gun.
	                  hand me your gun.
	     briscoe pumps his shotgun, aims it at the postman.
	</b>               with what? we got five guns maybe
	     gunner. the monster gun is fired.       just as a shell
	     gunner. the monster gun is fired.       just as a shell
	     horrified, the postman steps forward, but rifles are on
	     steps forward with gun raised.
	     a crack of rifle fire. the captain's forehead explodes
	     shocked, bethlehem whirls for the source of the gunfire.
	     the fallen captain's gun.
	     the saddle. the unhorsed rider goes for his gun. but
	     coming and takes aim just as the postman brings his gun to
	     his rifle from the saddle boot and starts into the
	     beside him, rifle in hand. the sixth soldier appears.
	     abby dashes out, rifle in hand. she swings for the
	     abby doesn't answer. she picks up the rifle and starts to
	     he watches a moment, suddenly grimaces. a gunshot. the
	      rifles crack. shot in the back, red throws back his arms.
	<b>      pov through rifle scope
	      the rifle barrel down. it's --
	      twenty odd guns plus the parts for several more. the crow
	      along with twenty mailmen and locals, armed with guns,
	      george whips up a sawed-off shotgun. boom! caught in the
	      they raise their rifles as the riderless wagon looms out
	      rifles are aimed.
	      pine view in flames. the big john deere gun has blown
	      rifles are raised. briscoe seems to grow as he throws his
	      the rifles bark.      everyone falls dead.
	      the click of a gun causes the postman to lift his head and
	      pistol is right against his own chest.
	</b>                set the rifle on the ground.
	                don't allow guns.
	      reveal: 20 well-oiled rifles and 15 pistols with ammo.
	      reveal: 20 well-oiled rifles and 15 pistols with ammo.
	      the soldiers pick up their guns and that's when they see
	      converging. the postman with his forty-five coming from
	</b>                   a least a hundred. with guns.
	                   with guns? are you sure?
	      holnists. the monster john deere gun is ready for battle.
	      the postman smiles in relief as ford lowers the revolver
	      lunge, grabs ford's gun.
	      getty throws his rifle on the ground. other weapons are

Adventure: E.T.
-----------------
	the shadow of a shotgun covers the sign. next, two shotguns are raised
	the shadow of a shotgun covers the sign. next, two shotguns are raised
	shotguns drawn, government agents gesture for them to stop.

Adventure: Indiana-Jones-IV
-----------------------------
	        their guns. several shots ring out. the object comes to a stop. a deep
	        inside. they hurry to baron seagrove. their pistols aimed at him.
	        his familiar gun, hat and whip lie on the bed, beside the suitcase.
	        meanwhile, indiana makes certain that his gun is packed. he places the
	        the sound of rapid machine gun fire echoes throughout the camp! camera
	        is actually a a maceine gun!
	        wraps itself around the luger! tearing the gun out of klaus' hand! the
	        the finger begins to shoot! rapid machine gun fire! indy dives for
	        compound. indy gets to his feet. he lifts his gun. ready to shoot. but
	        machine gun fire splinters the dock boards, slicing through the
	        helmut points his gun at indy. indy reacts with a swift kick to
	        of him erupts with machine gun fire. indiana sees
	        there is a loud gunshot! gutterbuhg's mechanical arm is hit by a
	        points a pistol at gutterbuhg, ready to take another shot...
	        gunfire. a frustrated gutterbuhg can't shoot. his mechanical-machine
	        gun arm rendered useless by dashiell's bullet. he continues to radio
	        fall. rolling. tumbling. struggling for the gun. they fight between
	        indiana aims his pistol at gutterbuhg. but suddenly, a shot whizzes by
	        nazis inside. armed with pistols and rifles. all firing shots at
	        gun arm, which sits on the table before him. behind gutterbuhg, a
	        bucket table. his whip and pistol rest here. out of reach. indy and
	        countless pirates are aboard the ship. armed with guns, bows and
	        pirate gunner. the two begin to struggle. fight. camera pans to the
	        smooth stop in the middle of the cavern. armed with guns, knives and
	        is the tank's swivelling gun barrel. enormous. the size of a cannon.
	        two nazi gunners are behind him. waiting for orders to shoot. tyki
	        gutterbuhg screams to the gunners.
	        the tank, with its large protruding gun barrel, resembles a giant
	        gutterbuhg screams in german, ordering the nazi gunner to "fire".
	        indy cannot find a passageway into the tank. he sees the gun barrel.
	        gutterbuhg screams in german, ordering the nazi gunners to shoot. they
	        gunners. it sends them flying against the wall. out cold. the cabin
	        countless rows of machine guns eject from secret slots. all around the
	        tank's first level. the machine guns begin to fire. rapidly. wildly.
	        indiana ducks and dodges the guns. he climbs to the second level. but
	        scraggy begins to climb out of the tree. a gun suddenly moves into
	        members holds the gun.
	        first level. toward the rows of firing machine guns. indiana struggles
	        the machine guns.
	        in the tree, the crew member keeps his pistol aimed at scraggy's head.
	        treacherous crew member. kezure knocks the gun from the crew member's
	        hand. blam! the gun goes off. a stray bullet strikes the tree trunk.
	        the tank's deadly machine guns. indy flips one of the nazis over his
	        guns. his body does a grotesque dance of death. riddled with bullets.
	        indy grabs hold of the large rotating gun barrel. indy lifts his feet.
	        he swings forwafd. riding the gun barrel. he spins around the tank's
	        his back aching, indy struggles to keep gutterbuhg's machine gun arm
	        walls, then to the tank's enormous gun barrel. an idea. he hurries
	</b>                        how do i work the big gun?
	        close-up: the tank's large gun barrel swivels. pointing upward. to the
	        rocks above. the gun fires a shot. it swivels a few feet. then fires
	        the dark figures shower the tank with heavy boulders. the tank's gun
	        gutterbuhg's finger away. but the machine gun goes off! firing!
	        jeep, which is mounted with a large recoilist machine gun. the entire
	        machine gunner opens fire on indy and the troops.
	        the machine gunner. through the heart.
	        hood. fighting. struggling for the gun.
	        arm. the gun fires. hitting the jeep driver, who slumps over the
	        spears and poisinous darts. the nazis fight back with machine guns and
	        rolls toward the city. its gun barrel aimed at the city walls. camera
	        filled with nazis. the gunner looks into the periscope. he is met with
	        sighs. there is a gunshot! a bullet whizzes by indy's head. he turns.
	        indiana walks across the coliseum floor. revolver in hand. he moves
	        gunshot rings out. indy is hit. in the chest. he slips. falls. bis
	        removes his gun. he aims at the nazi. but indy's vision is blurred.
	        gun and whip...gone. he looks up. kezure stands over him, holding the
	        indiana drops the peach to the ground. he grabs his whip, revolver and

Adventure: Rescuers-Down-Under,-The
-------------------------------------
	         been down in that hole for too long.  (he holds his gun out so
	    mcleach into the hole; his gun goes off; joanna begins to attach cody's
	    (joanna continues to attack the backpack; mcleach picks up his gun; he
	    points it at joanna; looking through gun scope mcleach aims at joanna,
	    chamber of a shotgun.)
	doctor:  (giving directions to aim the gun.) three degrees right.
	    (the scene changes to outside and we hear the gun fire.)
	    (joanna gets a gun) no, no, no!!!! (etc.)
	    (joanna shoots the gun at frank who is standing against a wall.  he is
	         gun) (laughs)
	    up the cage; a gunshot is heard; marahute screeches.)
	         gun.)

Adventure: Prometheus
-----------------------
	          opens. he pulls out a massive pistol in a gunbelt. tosses the
	          opens. he pulls out a massive pistol in a gunbelt. tosses the
	          orders into the safe. lays the gun atop them and locks it up.
	</b>           what are the guns for?
	          combat vacuum suits. automatic rifles at the ready.
	          a pit in his gunbarrel.
	          david steps out of the dark. calm as ever. a slim machine gun
	          automatic pistols from their rack one by one, and hands them
	          stillwell, and kamarov seated with pistols on their hips.
	          flank her, rifles slung. the soldiers scan the room, meeting
	          with submachine guns; downs, kamarov and stillwell wearing
	</b>           what's the damn gun for if you're
	          he drops his light. tries to reach his pistol with his left
	          card and vigoda prowl through the darkness, rifles ready.
	          stillwell and downs dash in with pistols and lights.
	          brick enters carrying a brace of air tanks, a pistol on his
	          outside vickers's cabin, rifle in his hands. she curses
	          scopes and suction tubes. a spraygun mists her torso with
	          vigoda breaks into the cabin, a gun in his hand.
	          nothing. his submachine gun lies beside him.
	          to her. vigoda's gun lies on the floor outside the pod.
	          her hand on the gun. drags it a few inches closer.
	          the alien lunges. watts snatches up the gun and fires. holds
	          ammo clip and jacks it into the gun.
	          fantastic scar on her abdomen. the gun slung on her shoulder.
	           (hefts her gun)
	          janek's hand goes to the pistol on his hip. he sets his jaw.
	          all carry submachine guns - vickers awkwardly.
	          his carbine up and fires a long burst as he rolls aside. the
	          acid sears into the deck. echoes of the gunfire reverberate.
	          the soldiers and crew stand warily, guns tracking from david
	          ray rises from behind a stanchion. snaps his rifle to his
	          burst of gunfire ricochets harmlessly off the sleeper's
	          shepherd and vickers scream. shepherd's rifle comes up. but
	          shepherd backs away, headlamp and rifle questing upward.
	          a roar of gunfire. the dying shepherd empties his clip into
	          he dogtrots forward, gun raised. the others keep pace,
	          too late they perceive him. they spin. raise their guns.
	          the air roars in their ears. their guns snap and bark
	          controls. rifle slung over her shoulder.
	          he gropes at the pistol on his right hip with his left hand.
	          rifle like a bat with all her strength. a crushing impact
	</b>           we're not a gunship.
	          rifle on her shoulder. pistol on her hip.
	          rifle on her shoulder. pistol on her hip.

Adventure: Avengers,-The-(2012)
---------------------------------
	          all hell breaks. machine gun fire is shot at loki, but the
	          raises his gun, but loki grabs barton's hand.
	          like a gunslinger, loki turns to face selvig who's
	          pointing his gun at her and starts shooting, he moves the
	          holding a gun, shooting at barton's, giving an honoring image of
	          gun and point it at him, but something is now off in the
	          natasha, still wary, doesn't lower her gun. she lowers her gun
	          natasha, still wary, doesn't lower her gun. she lowers her gun
	          gunfire and the tesseract's energy firearms.
	          raises his gun. he is shot dead by an arrow. falls down. barton
	          his gun, but loki clubs his head in. chaos erupts.
	          from above cap, the quinjet arrives. a machine gun is pointed
	          knees. like two gunslingers ready to draw, both thor and iron
	          suddenly, steve drops a hydra assault rifle on the table causing
	          are hopelessly, hilariously, outgunned.
	          black widow and fury have their hands down to grab their guns.
	          natasha pulls out her gun and slowly walks out onto the catwalk
	          waiting... fury steps out, his gun drawn.
	          who looks hot and sexy holding her gun.
	          a gunfight opens up. agents exchange fire with brutally
	           guns at hulk)
	          for big fuckin' gun) and jumps back up to his position, firing
	          the gunfight has gone down, but more of barton's men enter and
	          out in flying chariots, carrying energy rifles with a bayonet on
	          quinjet. black widow takes out machine gun and fires at the
	          hawkeye banks the jet towards stark tower. aims the minigun at
	          begin firing from their energy rifles at innocent people.
	          them. black widow pulls both pistols and fires. turns to cap.
	          throat. black widow gets her hands on an energy rifle and
	</b>           our biggest guns couldn't touch it.
	</b>           well, maybe it's not about guns.
	          several humvees aim their mounted .50 cal guns into the sky,
	</b>           son of a gun!

Adventure: Wild-Hogs
----------------------
	          love this. bob gives a signal to the other guys and guns
	          his engine. the others nod, gun their engines and speed
	</b>          give me your gun! give me the gun! he
	</b>          give me your gun! give me the gun! he
	</b>          i'm going to go back there with a rifle
	          others follow him, gunning their bikes and leaving skid
	          street, like gunslingers in the old west, calling their
	          earl and buck get out of the cruiser with two shotguns.
	          they cock the guns and walk to charley's side. jack
	          the shotgun fires and hits oilcan in the leg. oilcan

Adventure: Mad-Max-2-The-Road-Warrior
---------------------------------------
	          the attendant produces a gun motioning them back...
	          lbb. max with his shotgun. 2bb.
	          max guns the big motor. the black-on-black takes off.
	          gas-powered 'gun': the heads of six metal arrows
	          guns the motor. he rea.; the front wheel, hangs there
	          which contains a sawn-off shotgun.
	          the captain slings the gunbelt over his stoulder.
	          shotgun.
	          max cocks the gun next to the captain's head.
	          the shotgun is strapped to the back of his bead and
	          max pushes the shotgun close to his face.
	          keeping the gun trained on the captain, max
	          shotgun cartridges.
	          shotgun - both barrels are empty.
	          and snaps the shotgun shut.
	          the captain stands fast, eyeing the shotgun...
	          checks his shotgun on the seat beside him. max
	          wheel. the smegma crazy riding shotgun fires a
	</b>           .the humungus raises the magnum .44 aiming directly
	</b>          on seeing this max grabs the shotgun, shoves it
	          the gun fizzes and pops - the cartridge was a dud.
	          the humungus fires. the big gun kicks,,.
	          a dune buggy with a machine gun like crossbow - the
	           i n th,! cabin of the truck max smashes the butt of the shotgun
	          shotgun,
	          he tosses max his sawn-off shotgun and a bandolier
	          we see the arc of vehicles, engines gunning, straining
	</b>          the humungus has opened his gun case and removes the
	          magnum 44. the remaining 4 bullets have been
	          the humungus, raises his gun, calmly taking aim at the
	          the humungus looks up. he swings the revolver up,
	          wrist. he grabs the shotgun off the seat next to him.
	          he swings the gun around then pumps both barrels into
	          quickly reloads the shotgun.
	          max turns, sees him... and raises the shotgun... the
	          max raises the shotgun, firing point blank at the
	          reload the gun...
	          the kid recovers the cartridges, max hands him the gun...
	          he snaps the gun shut and tries to aim it at the
	          max grabs the gun and fires...
	          guns the engine... spraying dust,
	</b>           max guns the vehicle over the rise...
	          he guns the two engines un,s is off after wez. he hits

Adventure: Bourne-Identity,-The
---------------------------------
	               the man -- he's got the pistol -- so fucking fast -- he's 
	               the man slams the gun against his temple and --
	               he do this? and there's the gun in his hand. and god, it 
	               and then he stops cold. throwing down the gun. running off 
	               lots of them. close to a million dollars. there's a gun. a 
	               very good gun. several clips of ammo. and...
	               gun...
	               the gun. he doesn't want the gun. no guns.
	               the gun. he doesn't want the gun. no guns.
	               the gun. he doesn't want the gun. no guns.
	<b>                                     gun marine
	               the gun marine -- nailed -- blind-sided -- no chance and --
	               bourne -- landing hard on the gun marine -- rolling away 
	</b>                         -- he's got a gun! -- he's got a 
	                         gun! --
	               for an escape route and the gun -- it's like a magic wand of 
	               marine guns swinging up -- trigger fingers tense and --
	               the door -- shattering -- eaten up by gunfire! -- tat-tat- 
	               wham! here they come -- through the door -- guns -- eyes -- 
	               lots of them. a gun. a very good gun. a dozen clips of ammo. 
	               lots of them. a gun. a very good gun. a dozen clips of ammo. 
	</b>                         there was a gun. who has a safe 
	                         deposit box with a gun and all this 
	</b>                         lots of people have guns. you're 
	                         american. americans love guns.
	                         look for a gun is the cab of that 
	               on the nightstand -- a gun. a knife. his e-phone pager. his 
	               sitting there. with a gun in his lap. drinking hard from a 
	               apartment wall -- phft!-phft!-phft!-phft!-phft! -- gunfire 
	               bourne -- full-stop -- kicking the gun -- kicking it up -- 
	               the gun clattering free across the floor and --
	               checking the window -- kicking the gun away -- grabbing the 
	               confusion to say the least -- wombosi -- pistol in hand -- 
	               coming up with -- a shot gun, an old one, but nonetheless a 
	               gun --
	               bourne has to move. reloading his almost useless gun. reaching 
	               bourne shakes his head. tucks the gun under his coat.
	               of the street. guns are drawn -- bourne's vulnerable on two 
	               swings his gun stock like a bat -- takes him out -- clean 
	</b>                         give me the gun --
	               and now she's got his shotgun, leaning out the window.
	               he gets up, grabs his gun and works his way towards his bike 
	               barrel of his gun -- two seconds and the hole is patched and -- 
	               the road is blocked. police road block -- cops with guns. 
	               out and -- two very angry cops emerge -- pull their guns out -- 
	               up ahead -- a horizon line -- bourne guns it -- a steep 
	               gunfire ripping up the windows behind them. gonna go for the 
	               in the nick of time. his gun clatters to the tracks.
	               bourne turns, pulls up the shotgun and -- the professor kicks 
	               professor squaring off -- both looking at the gun -- realizing 
	               marie wields the shot gun.
	               and bourne takes the gun from her -- standing there -- 
	               reloading -- both barrels -- raising the gun -- aiming it --
	               the professor staring up at the gun. stunned. doomed. mouth 
	               with his briefcase. opening it. there's his gun.
	               manheim -- raising the gun and --
	               manheim -- the gun -- phftt -- phftt -- phftt --

Adventure: Highlander-Endgame
-------------------------------
	</p><p><p id="act">monk unshoulders a pump-action shotgun.
	<p id="spkdir">(pumps shotgun)
	</p><p><p id="act">easy choice. monk levels his gun and blows the jamaican right off his feet.  and sure enough, he gags before his next trigger-pull. a very nasty serrated blade retracts into a wooden hilt. monk drops in a heap as his assailant, a wiry asian, turns for the door, joined by the others.  in the very next instant the heavy oak-and-iron door swings open with a barrage of automatic gunfire--
	</p><p><p id="act">easy choice. monk levels his gun and blows the jamaican right off his feet.  and sure enough, he gags before his next trigger-pull. a very nasty serrated blade retracts into a wooden hilt. monk drops in a heap as his assailant, a wiry asian, turns for the door, joined by the others.  in the very next instant the heavy oak-and-iron door swings open with a barrage of automatic gunfire--
	</p><p><p id="act">saws and cleavers are pulled by the other two guards while guard #l keeps his gun trained on the corpses.
	only a brief glimpse of a priest‘s collar. guard #l whips his rifle toward the stranger. stranger diverts it with the tip of his sword. bullets go nowhere. one slash and the guard is gone. two more slashes and his comrades fall.  stranger kicks the body of the dead jamaican as he steps through the open doorway.
	</b>gun their engines and ride off on billowing plumes of dust.
	</p><p><p id="act">dawson's behind the wheel, gunning through narrow back
	</p><p><p id="act">matthew pulls a gun. aims it at dawson's heart.
	dawson palms the gun still concealed in his coat pocket. nods.
	</p><p><p id="act">kase is roaring through narrow streets in a low-slung convertible, faith at his side. with utter disregard for speed or care, he guns it madly in shrieking turns.
	</b>his fingers curl around the cold steel of a .38 special wedged between his knees. he inches the gun upward toward the table rim as...
	</p><p><p id="act">gun freezes in winston's lap, just hidden from view.
	winston responds in kind, gulping down his wine as he slips the gun back into his pocket.
	</p><p><p id="act">winston jerks for his gun.

Adventure: Croods,-The
------------------------
	          rushing up the gun-sight into the bright rays of the sun.
	          back toward the gunsight.

Adventure: Mission-Impossible-II
----------------------------------
	     the bathroom is suddenly filled with security guards, gun drawn
	     the stars dimming, the sky a gun metal blue.  ethan and nyah
	     the injection gun, etc.
	                three injection guns.
	     heads up a ramp to the three injection guns.  hands in gloves he
	     reaches into the chamber for one of the injection guns.
	</b>                he's still got three injection guns in the
	     he places the barrel of the gun, seals the chamber, and fires.
	     there's a tiny flash of light.  ethan withdraws the gun.
	     ethan fires the second injection gun.  picks up the third and
	     suddenly the gun is held by:
	     continues to stare at the gun for another moment and before he can fire:
	     room's walls and the glass injection gun chamber.  as the
	     injection gun begins falling to the lab floor below, one of
	     as ethan hits and dives for cover, ulrich goes for the gun
	     ethan moves to pick up the injection gun which lies in the
	                pressing need of your to get your gun 
	     spray of gunfire, attempting to cover his own effort to the reach
	     the injection gun.  the return fire nearly hits the injection
	     gun, kicking up glass and dust and making it move around on the
	                gun and you'll spray the bloody virus all
	     everybody's regained cover but the injection gun remains out of
	                gun and bring it to me.  ball's in your
	     she puts ethan's gun to her forehead.
	     once in the open, he exchanges direct gunfire with ambrose's
	     camera with him as he drops 25 stories, the sound of gunfire in
	     ambrose's guard draws his gun and continues approaching the
	     away the guard's gun and then knocking him out and flat on his
	     reaching them.  then, pointing his gun to the ceiling, he 
	     ambrose loads his gun and drags the tip of the barrel along the
	     in the ceiling.  stamp and ethan pull their guns on one another.
	     they're in a face-off until they both agree to drop their guns,
	     his gun.
	                getting your gun off.
	     used to mount the drain-pipe shotgun on the tunnel wall.
	     with billy flying and luther at the door, machine gun in
	     hand, the copter nears the bare island gun pit and ethan.
	<b>     ext - bear island gun pit - ethan
	     runs into the central 'hole' area, guns in both hands and
	     a gunman appears from the tunnel entrance and opens fire, the
	<b>     ext - bear island gun pit - ethan
	     who rolls and returns fire at the gunman.  ethan first hits
	     the gunman in the leg, and then shoots and explodes the
	     canisters behind the gunman, killing him.
	     michael's suv and wallis' sedan speed along as a gunman from the
	     a gunman leans out the window, firing up at ethan on the hill.
	     the imf chopper arrives and gunfire's exchanged.  luther takes a
	     hit in the shoulder and drops his gun as the chopper banks away.
	     into a spin and pulls his gun, ending up alongside the suv
	     to the ground.  ambrose pulls a gun from his ankle holster.  as
	     ethan knocks it away, he loses his own gun and they both fall off
	     looking over ethan's shoulder.  ambrose has a gun aimed at        
	     near hunt's feet is his own gun, obscured from ambrose's view by
	     then kicks his gun up out of the dirt and into the air.  he

Adventure: Robin-Hood-Prince-of-Thieves
-----------------------------------------
	kaaboom! the gunpowder in the barrel explodes. spewing

Adventure: Mission-Impossible
-------------------------------
	                at our cruising altitude of thirty-eight 
	     shoulder and this time <u>the barrel of a gun</u> is visible,
	     gunshot crackles over the monitor.
	     the dream and finds himself leaping to his feet, gun cocked 
	     agents come up the stairs, guns drawn. her jaw drops and she 
	     guns waving in all directions.  kittridge sweeps in between 
	     bedroom holding a gun. 
	                glock 9, but only twenty for the sig 
	     a guard carrying an mp5, a handheld machine gun, leads ethan 
	     gun toward them, fires, cants the glasses and tosses them 
	</b>                tight security.  no guns.  real plus.
	     the parts of a pistol out of the cassette machine and
	     assemble a wicked-looking pistol from the seemingly innocuous
	</b>                     (assembling gun in sleeping
	     the man assembling the gun clicks the last piece, the
	     phelps points the gun at ethan.
	     the gun is lost.  phelps beats ethan to the ground.  his
	     frantically for his gun. 

Adventure: Rise-of-the-Guardians
----------------------------------
	          gunslinger eyes.

Adventure: Tropic-Thunder
---------------------------
	</b>          a gunner sprays fire down at unseen anti-aircraft. all
	          as the. chopper tries to land, the gunner tosses a couple
	          flying. but the bulk of the platoon is getting gunned
	          gunned down-5y motown who has all sorts of stomizd
	          his barrage of bullets with his machine gun arm,
	          even have a gun...
	          machine gun in cool slo mo.
	          speedman'and martin lawrence, both with guns, are holding
	          character. he opens them, and grabs. his gun and creeps
	          swinging his gun unpredictably.
	          gun...
	          suddenly: gunfire from everywhere! the guerrillas have
	          guns pointed straight at them.
	          they all hold their rifles above their heads.
	          lazarus throws down his gun. he's had it.
	          head and begins crossing the river, holding his rifle
	</b>          a guard shoves speedman hard with a rifle butt. speedman
	          suddenly: gunfire erupts all around!
	</b>          tran smacks speedman in the, head with a rifle butt.
	          you understand! like my desk or my gun,
	</b>          the guards let off a burst of machine gun fire as portnoy
	          speedman's ankle with his rifle butt. sandusky keeps
	          knocks him out and grabs his machine gun. he tosses the
	          guard's pistol to four leaf.
	          speedman'a machine gun.
	          he holds up the machine gun...
	<b>          guns firing into the air!!
	          'gun it..
	          turn... portnoy grabs cody's gun and hangs by the runner,
	          machine gun off the ground and fires toward tran and his
	<b>          movie star style, he unleashes a barrage of machine gun

Adventure: Star-Trek-First-Contact
------------------------------------
	                   look different, more along the lines of a gatling gun).
	                   looking phaser rifles and other equipment. the feeling
	                   we see that the phaser rifles are equipped with their
	                   brings his rifle up. but did he see it, or was it his
	                   three armored security guards with phaser rifles run
	                             there are twenty-two enterprise
	                   phaser equivalents of machine guns --  big, mean-looking
	                   click-clack! the sound of a shotgun being cocked.
	                   is standing in the open doorway, a shotgun leveled at
	                   the gun loosely, but never taking the aim away from
	                   gunpoint. the hatch hisses and pops open. scrimm
	                   shoves a gun into ruby's side -- get going. as they
	                   controls, trying to concentrate. scrimm draws his gun.
	                   scrimm still has the gun on ruby. the blast door is
	                   he shoves his gun against ruby's head. the tension
	                   scrimm cocks back the hammer on the pistol he's holding
	                   -- the gun in scrimm's hand dematerializes. scrimm
	                   -- instantly, the gun rematerializes in picard's
	                   picard hands his gun to lange, who covers scrimm with

Adventure: Escape-From-L.A.
-----------------------------
	               firebases and gun emplacements are indicated in the san gabriel
	               two six-guns in holsters. a futuristic gunfighter. the cockroach
	               two six-guns in holsters. a futuristic gunfighter. the cockroach
	               the end of the alley. stand facing each other. two gunfighters.
	               gunfire. the guns buck and flash. then silence. the two men stand
	               gunfire. the guns buck and flash. then silence. the two men stand
	               the shadows of the alley, holsters his guns, grabs his take of the
	               bunkers, gun emplacements, satellite communications, vehicles,
	               cops stand with their guns aimed right at plissken's head as he is
	               president. gun fighting for profit. the
	               top. in the other, a machine gun.
	               high tech submachine gun.
	               two 9mm handguns.
	               two 9mm handguns.
	</b>               plissken suits up. submachine gun, handguns, six-guns. he, brazen
	</b>               plissken suits up. submachine gun, handguns, six-guns. he, brazen
	</b>               plissken suits up. submachine gun, handguns, six-guns. he, brazen
	</b>               plissken raises his submachine gun...
	               carries a surfboard. a rifle is slung across his shoulder.
	</b>               the sound of gunfire. plissken ducks behind a tree...
	               down. guns blazing at each other. they pass plissken, continue
	               down mulholland, ripping each other apart with gunfire. plissken
	               submachine gun ready. it's pipeline.
	</b>               more gunfire from above on mulholland...
	               feet, buffeted in mid-air, flesh and robe shredded by gunfire. a
	               jump plissken, knocking his gun to the ground. in a blinding
	               he reaches down to pick up his submachine gun, he sees that the
	</b>               plissken slowly stands, his submachine gun in his hand. behind
	</b>               kavroom! plissken guns the motorcycle and it roars off, around the
	</b>               plissken guns it when suddenly two mescalitos pull up on either
	               one hand, and with his other hand, aims his submachine gun and
	</b>               atop the cadillac, cuervo jones reacts to the sound of gunfire. he
	               explodes. plissken guns it again, takes off after the cadillac.
	</b>               reaches out a car window and grabs plissken's submachine gun.
	               submachine gun.
	               after a beat, he starts moving up sunset, checking his two 9mm
	               handguns, slipping them into their holsters.
	</b>               plissken draws a 9mm and points it at map to the stars eddie's
	</b>               plissken raises his gun, starts to move, when suddenly a figure
	</b>               plissken reaches for his other 9mm in its holder, but his hands
	               gun!
	               music, lifts a shotgun from the seat beside him, climbs down. he
	               holds the gun on them.
	</b>               guards, hispanics in biker denims, fatigues, with rifles and
	</b>               gun runners.
	</b>               say, you need anything, snake? guns?
	</b>               plissken, gun in hand, sticks his head out of the open grate.
	</b>               click, click! a sound behind plissken. he spins, 9mm ready...
	               an ancient garbage truck mounted with a 50-caliber machine gun.
	               gun, blasting away, burning up the street. bullets are flying
	</b>               plissken jams his 9mm into map to the stars eddie's ear.
	</b>               plissken lowers the gun.
	               inch machine gun barrel. before he can do anything, four rounds
	</b>               grits his teeth and gasps. his gun drops. blood runs from four
	</b>               surrounded by mescalitos with torches and guns, sits the former
	</b>               now the sound of gunfire from someplace up ahead. plissken tenses.
	</b>               a whole row of korean dragons with rifles stand and take aim.
	</b>               a whole row of black muslims with rifles stand up, take aim, and
	</b>               a whole row of korean dragons with rifles stand up, take aim at
	</b>               plissken shoves the barrel of his pistol up against map to the
	               clip, slips it on his 9mm pistol.
	               his 9mm and aims it at the undercarriage, right about where the
	               the water. the sound of gunfire echoes above them...
	</b>               plissken sags, clicks the hammer back, holsters the gun. he stares
	               sewer tunnel. he holds a gun in one hand, aims...
	</b>               plissken's gun hand is useless, numb from the shoulder wound. he
	               slowly, painfully transfers the pistol to the other hand, tries to
	               i heard gunfire down here...
	</b>               map to the stars eddie pulls his gun, cocks it...
	</b>               plissken grabs his gun, cocks it, puts the barrel up against map
	               gang. boots, spurs, dusters, and guns.
	</b>               plissken raises map to the stars eddie's gun, aims it right
	</b>               the others tense, hands on guns.
	</b>               plissken cocks his gun, starts to squeeze the trigger...
	               thompson machine guns. they stop, give the right-handed power
	</b>               bivouac raises his machine gun...
	</b>               as everyone scrambles in. a black cowboy is hit by gunfire, slides
	</b>               the lead chopper shudders, trying to get off the ground. gunfire
	               looks like a huge harpoon gun mounted to the floor.
	               swinging like a pendulum. hershe is hit with gunfire, flops in the
	               lowers a gun and aims it right at cuervo.
	</b>               map to the stars eddie is hit with gunfire, dies, falls out of the
	               police helicopters launch their missiles from gun platforms.
	</b>               it is a dreamlike, slow-motion ballet. huge black police gun ships
	               circle lazily around the enemy choppers, their flex-guns and
	               no guns, no foul language. it's a brand
	</b>               gunfire. a pitched battle as cops try to repel the horde of l.a.

Adventure: 9
--------------
	</b>          sounds of war: explosions, machine guns, screams...
	          machines. it turns and shoots a round of gunfire.

Adventure: eXistenZ
---------------------
	          twenty-two folding chairs are placed in a circle on the
	          game-pod to reveal a bizarre weapon, a pistol made of bone
	          produce small, normal pistols from hidden holsters and empty
	          knees, struggles up again, and finds the bizarre bone gun in
	          way towards them through the shoving, shuffling throng, guns
	          cocked, faces set hard. panicked, pikul jams the bone gun
	          geller pulls the weird gun out of an astonished pikul's
	          gun screaming, "death to ted
	          gun? i've never seen anything
	</b>          pikul, why don't you have a gun
	          pistols would have to fire baby
	          spine with a little hydro-gun.
	          gas pulls the bioport insertion gun out of another drawer,
	          insertion gun at the ready. a mexican standoff.
	          almost drops the insertion gun which he has been holding in
	          thirty-eight million to develop,
	          which now hold an agricultural-looking shotgun. it is
	          gas cocks his shotgun. he's really going to do it. except
	          the ear, with the bioport insertion gun. the back of gas's
	          skull shatters and he goes down hard. pikul drops the gun
	          he's made a gun very much like the one that was used in the
	          pikul lifts the gun and points it at the waiter.
	          to hack the tip of the gun off. pikul is shocked to see the
	          gun begin to bleed. the waiter, sprawling across the table,
	          it. the gun is bleeding all over pikul's hand now. he drops
	          the restaurant dog comes out of nowhere, picks the gun up,
	          slightly chewed gristle gun - the one pikul assembled in the
	          (pause; he waggles the gun)
	          the cashier toys with the gun's claw-like hammer.
	          the cashier puts the gun back on the shelf.
	          real-life submachine gun in his arms.
	          the cashier unslings his submachine gun, cocks it, and blows
	          is also scattered gunfire, but who's firing on whom is
	          the cashier turns on her with his gun. he snaps out his old
	          clip and slams home a new one. he cocks the gun.
	</b>          the cashier raises his gun to fire at geller, but before he
	          the gristle gun which pikul assembled in the chinese
	          (pause; waggles the gun)
	          the cashier's body and disentangles his submachine gun from
	          the submachine gun. vinokur falls with a startled expression
	          pikul hefts the submachine gun in his hands.
	          when you pointed the gun at me in
	          gun.
	          the game, picked up the gristle gun in the chinese
	          automatic pistols strapped to the dog's flank. pikul and
	          geller grab the guns, pull back the slides, and cooly
	          pillar towards them. they immediately swing their pistols

Adventure: White-Squall
-------------------------
	the agents about his spear gun.
	</b>          well ricky boy, spear gun or no,
	gunports, aimed at the sea, waiting for pirate ships that
	angry.  he spots a spear gun stowed against the chart
	phil aims the spear gun at the mainsail from behind the
	spear gun and smiles to himself at tod's arrogance turned
	          he'd cut loose every gun on his
	phil reaches for the spear gun.  nobody notices as he
	spear gun.
	the spear gun, and snaps it across his knee and throws the
	</b>          jesus.  she's got guns.
	suddenly a puff of smoke discharges from the gun boat.
	into the turret of the anti aircraft guns and swivels
	never takes his eyes off the gunboat.
	</b>          son of a gun.  he just sent skipper

Adventure: War-of-the-Worlds
------------------------------
	               a hand gun. he tucks the gun into his belt on his back and folds 
	               a hand gun. he tucks the gun into his belt on his back and folds 
	               ray takes out his gun and puts it under a pillow of the sofa 
	</b>               ray realizes he has forgotten his gun.
	</b>               ray manages to pull out his gun. he fires off two rounds into 
	                         (pointing the gun at the people on the 
	</b>               men start getting off the car to avoid the gun threatening ray. 
	                         put the gun down, man. it's not me!
	               to reveal a man holding another gun at ray's head.
	                         gun. i'm taking the car. 
	                         (shaking the gun nervously) put down 
	                         the gun, i'm taking the car.
	<b>                         put down the god damn gun!!!
	               ray is scared into dropping his gun on the street. ray then puts 
	               camera pans down to see a man who sees the gun on the street. 
	               the man picks up ray's gun and looks at the man in the van.
	               off. as they begin to relax from the ordeal they just had, gunshots 
	               to see the man with ray's gun firing at riot man 3. bam! one 
	               more gunshot is heard. rachel scurries over to robbie who, despite 
	               of a pasture. gunfire is seen and heard over the hill about 500 
	               walking faster toward the gunfire.
	               from the hill that the robots came over. he is holding a rifle 
	               doors. gunfire can be heard alongside the screams from people. 
	               that gunfire can no longer be seen or heard. 
	                         (with shotgun at side) it's okay! come 
	</b>               harland loads his gun and aims it to fire at one of the aliens 
	               but the gun is pulled back by ray.
	               ray and harland are in a silent fight for the gun. they both 
	</b>               ray and harland are both sweating bullets fighting for the gun. 
	               him down to the ground to try and break the gun free of his grasp.
	</b>               ray lets go of the gun and harland jerks it away from him just 

Adventure: Wonder-Woman
-------------------------
	</b>               where are their guns?
	               guns. because the germans have
	               guns. lots and lots of --
	     diana turns as a soldier lifts his rifle and fires. she
	     sees the bullet leave the gun, heading straight for her
	     whunk! an arrow now sprouts from the rifle barrel.
	     one of the five remaining germans raises his rifle to
	     who raises his gun at diana.
	     steve trains the gun on the evacuated military
	      energizes, confident, his hand holds a gun -- and crushes
	     looks down to find a gun aimed at his gut.
	     three of them have their guns out on diana and steve.
	     at which point -- steve kicks the gun out of sm #3's
	<b>     hands, hitting him into the two others holding guns.
	     diana deflects the last of sm #2's bullets as his gun
	                    (lifts up a gun)
	     with some guns --
	</b>               and guns.
	     child. the others help themselves to guns.
	               guns. big ones.
	      then fades into the sounds of gunfire and explosions.
	               machine guns at every square inch
	     bullets coming at her! one of two machine gun nests
	     the second machine gun nest fires at diana --
	     she does her best to repel the machine gun fire, but
	     his rifle and takes out some of the shooters, giving
	     explosion knocks the machine gun off its base.
	     smashes it onto the machine gun, breaking it apart!
	     before anyone can argue, she races towards the gunfire.
	     avoiding gunfire and grenades!
	     source of more gunfire!
	     down by gunfire.
	     suddenly, steve and the boys are pinned down from gunfire
	     diana races in, breaking the german's gun and sending him
	               people from afar, your shooter
	               gun nest. the way she took out
	        he aims his gun at her --
	      her bracelet, ricocheting it back at ludendorff's gun!
	      he grabs a bayonetted rifle mounted on the wall.
	      ludendorff uses the rifle as a gun, a spear, and a sword.
	      ludendorff uses the rifle as a gun, a spear, and a sword.
	       charlie lowers the butt of his rifle onto the german.
	       charlie aims his gun -- shooting straight into the
	       charlie aims his gun -- shooting straight into the
	       chief puts his hand on charlie's gun, lowers it.
	       pilot. the co-pilot gets up, pulling his gun. the pilot
	       the co-pilot nods, puts his gun away -- spots another
	        gunshots ring out as dr. maru desperately gathers her
	       steve pries his gun from his holster, pointing it
	<b>       he fires his gun!
	       the soldiers aim their guns at diana, firing dozens and

Adventure: Labyrinth
----------------------
	rolled-up soft-cover book. she rifles through the pages.
	she opens a toy box and rifles through it.

Adventure: Air-Force-One
--------------------------
	               mansion security guards rally with haphazard gunfire.
	               and the mounted machine guns on the helicopter return.
	               into the sky, its guns spitting lead...
	</b>                         apparently taking uzis away from 
	                         don't kiss guns.
	               bazylev and zedeck catch the guns gibbs tossed and hold them 
	               for his gun. zedeck fells him with a well placed unsilenced 
	               gun shot. screams ensue...
	               he springs up and moves toward the gunshots, his weapon drawn.
	               of mp5 automatic assault rifles and bullet-proof vests.
	               pandemonium. gunfire pops in the b.g. air force specialists 
	               gunfight and a blanket of smoke sweeps into the cabin.
	               alice is nearly trampled by agents responding to the gunfire.
	               gunfire pops all around her.
	               the sounds of gunfire have reached the the nose of the plane.
	               filled with smoke and gunfire. the agents rush the president 
	               the fawn halls hit the floor as gunfire sprays overhead. but 
	               gun shots right outside the cockpit door.
	               flashes of gunfire in the dark windows of the plane.
	               a second later gunfire rips up the agent's face. the new 
	               gunfire from rose, who holds the dead secret service agent's 
	               high-powered rifles with infra-red scopes.
	               bazylev's gun, but bazylev shoots him almost point blank.
	               gunfire. all quiet except for the whine of the jet engines.
	               korshunov surveys the hostages. viad covers them at gunpoint.
	                         you will be met with automatic gunfire 
	               throat. marshall grabs the gun near the trigger...
	               marshall presses the saftey button on the gun with his 
	               instead he comes up swinging his gun butt against marshall's 
	               the medical closet. the gun goes flying, skittering
	               flattens himself against the corridor wall. trains his gun 
	               weight and texture of a gun. he checks the clip. only a 
	               looking down the barrel of the gun, he notices bins loaded 
	               gibbs and serge maintain a defensive position, guns ready.
	               they don't move. korshunov raises his gun, points it a 
	</b>                         no, thank you. the gunfire did that.
	               her. korshunov smiles, nods his head and lifts his gun.
	               he aims his gun at alice.
	               a long beat, the korshunov lovers the gun.
	               bazylev appears behind marshall. raises his gun.
	               gunfire in the background.
	               bazylev points the machine gun at marshall's head.
	               from the gun.
	                         president, then she heard gunfire.
	               bazylev, thrown off balance, tries to keep his gun trained 
	               marshall seizes the moment. grabs bazylev's gun. the two 
	               of richocheting gunfire sparks across the bulkhead.
	               marshall backs away as bazylev levels his gun.
	               death reflex. he fires off several rounds from the gun as he 
	               stone cold dead. he looks around and grips his gun a little 
	               the avionics compartment with the barrel of his gun.
	               raises his gun, pointing it at mitchell.
	</b>                         you're pointing a gun at me.
	               did you hear her? she said i'm pointing a gun at her.
	               korshunov looking down the barrel of the gun.
	               zedeck hastens toward the avionics compartment, gun at the 
	               korshunov paces, weighing his pistol in his hand.
	               down the sight of his gun.
	               by the group. they wrest the guns away and shut the door 
	               caidwell, holding serge's gun, takes position by the front 
	               zedeck motions to caidwell with his gun. &quot;go get him.&quot;
	               gun into her neck.
	               gibbs withdraws the gun from alice's temple. alice opens her 
	               korshunov whips out his gun and lines up a clean shot at 
	               alice and presses his pistol to her head.
	               his gun. korshunov disappears down the staircase.
	<b>               p.o.v. looking down a gunsight as marshall walks into the
	</b>                         if you put down the gun, i promise 
	               his pistol to alice's ear.
	               but gibbs swings his rifle around. pulls the trigger. bam.

Adventure: True-Lies
----------------------
	          rifles slung across his back.
	          light hits him.  a 7.62 mm machine gun in the chopper rips the   *
	          all he can see are lights and gunfire.
	          his heavy boots.  he has lost the rifle somewhere in the snow.
	          machine gun to faisil and reaches up to harry, who grabs his     *
	                    you're outgunned, amigo.
	</b>                    she could be moving money, guns.
	          harry spins lightning fast.  he knocks away the silenced pistol
	          spins him against the steel stalls.  the silenced pistol goes
	          mahmoud whips a pistol out of his waistband.  still holding the
	          bear-like yusif, harry draws his glock so fast we can barely
	          yusif, who is easily harry's size, bellows and grabs his gun
	          arm.  they smash against the walls, struggling for the gun.
	          yusif slams harry's gun hand repeatedly against the doorframe
	          that's got to hurt.  harry cries out in pain and the gun drops.
	          gib is running full out, drawing his gun.  he has one finger
	          body stops the spray of 9mm slugs form hitting harry long
	          just when it looks like gib is going to get a 9mm tummy tuck,
	          he drops the pistol and crouches over the bike, twisting the
	          one hand, his glock in the other.  it's the wild west.
	          harry charging along behind him.  malik guns it across the
	          guns it and slides through the doors.
	          out, with his glock poised and ready.  he sees malik revving     *
	          over, holding onto a piece of pipe with one hand.  his glock
	          pistols and flashlights.
	                    if i ever even saw a gun i'd--
	          harry whips his pistol out in one liquid motion and snaps the
	          away from the edge, then gestures with his gun.
	          workers from juno's shop.  they are wielding pistols and are
	          a pistol muzzle is jammed hard behind helen's ear.
	          activities.  many of them carry ak47 assault rifles.
	                    and take his gun.
	          guard's 9mm pistol and staggers over to her.
	          guard's 9mm pistol and staggers over to her.
	          running around the corner, open fire with ak47s just as harry
	          the shadows and grabs one from behind.  he wrests his rifle      *
	          ripped, he is scratched and bleeding, holding an assault rifle   *
	          weapons, including machine guns and several hand-launched
	          him.  snap.  harry catches the guard's mac-10 machine pistol
	          the terrorists echo and chant and then cheer, firing their guns
	          with guns raised.
	          gun
	          a pistol enters frame.  its muzzle taps the back of her head.
	          face darkens with fury and she points the gun at helen's face,   *
	          amid the fire and smoke, he sees juno walking helen at gun
	          juno has a 9mm pistol aimed at helen.  she opens the sunroof,
	          juno has a 9mm pistol aimed at helen.  she opens the sunroof,
	                    light machine guns.
	          grabbing the gun.  juno fires wildly as they struggle for
	          sunroof and the pistol goes flying out.
	          for the stairwell to the roof.  he pulls a pistol and shoots at
	          malik keeps his pistol aimed at her chest.
	          she will not drop the key as long as he has the gun.  it is a
	          picking up m-60 machine guns.
	          sets his gun down on the girder.  he grabs for her wrist.
	          pistol on the beam.  back at the girl, the key in her teeth--
	          malik shrieks in rage.  he grabs his 9mm pistol and leaps off
	          malik shrieks in rage.  he grabs his 9mm pistol and leaps off
	          them-- the door-gunner opens fire.
	          the helicopter appears around the corner, guns blazing in the

Adventure: Thor-Ragnarok
--------------------------
	she sweeps her arms out in an arc, the spray of gunfire
	     thor and loki heft up two sakaarian guns.
	     one guard aims his gun at them.
	      val is all focus, flying and firing. banner sits shotgun.
	                where are the guns on this ship?
	     val is still on the windshield. gunfire! one of the
	      pursuer's ships, taking out guns, engines, and pilots with
	                gun on this thing. that looks like
	                a gun.
	       valkyrie is helping thor load a massive asgardian blaster
	</b>                 now the ship has guns.
	<b>      gunfire from above!
	      blaster and firing on fenris, who stops his charge.
	      val and banner hold the remaining butchers off with gunfire.

Adventure: Italian-Job,-The
-----------------------------
	               the driver is handsome rob, 30. riding shotgun is half-ear, 
	                         holding a gun. who else could've 
	               click. that's the sound of a gun cocking as it's pressed 
	               steve climbs out of the humvee, gun still on handsome rob, 
	               safely outside, steve turns his gun on bridger.
	               they duck for cover as the vehicle is riddled with gunfire.
	               the gunners keep firing. bullets rip into the humvee's tires.
	               the water entombs them. blood from bridger's fatal gunshot 
	</b>                         armed guard. 9mm semi-automatic in 
	               handsome rob behind the wheel. lyle shotgun, aiming his 
	               the homeboy suffers as half-ear whacks the gun out of his 
	               other hand -- while handsome rob keys the ignition and guns 
	               with semi-automatic handguns. half-ear hits the deck. glass 
	               dragged inside at gunpoint. five ukrainians armed with mac-
	               11 machine pistols storm the room where skinny pete works.
	                         outgunned.
	               machine pistols plus an m4 carbine with a 40mm grenade 
	               machine pistols plus an m4 carbine with a 40mm grenade 
	               for one car to gun through it at a time.
	               draw semi-automatic handguns. result: more madness bystanders 
	               them the appearance of having submachine guns growing out of 
	               in the teeth of gunfire. bullets explode through the back 
	               he's got the other motorcycle on his tail, relentless gunfire 
	               see the guns. see security guards running after it.
	               screaming at the sight of the guns.
	</b>                         take out your gun and drop it on the 

Adventure: Hudson-Hawk
------------------------
	     it is a gunshot.
	     big stan raises his gun.
	     big stan pulls out his gun, untheatrically, as not to
	     antony raises up a mammoth gun.
	     a confused antony touches his teeth with his gun hand.
	     gun.
	     cia crew cuts him off holding barely concealed guns;
	     cartridge into a gun while butterfinger attacks a
	     the agents burst from the car, guns raised.
	     the candy bars bash the door open, guns raised.
	     shockingly swift, minerva pulls a small gun from beneath
	     ground.  kaplan and almond joy aim their guns.
	     hawk mambos to alfred who rifles his blade up to hawk's
	     alex pulls out a gun from his jacket and clicks it in.
	     holding his gun, sprout up from their own debris and
	     raises his gun.
	               alex's gun.
	     alex hands anna his gun, who glumly takes it like a little
	     gun and bangs herself in the head.  what to do....
	     kaplan raises his gun.
	     look up to anna pointing a gun down at them from the
	     second level.  she is shivering, shaking the gun.
	     begin machine gunning up at her.  she dives behind the
	     kaplan lowers his gun.
	                        his gun)
	     hawk flings a faberge egg, smashing the gun out of kaplan's
	     anna feebly raises her gun.  almond joy laughs and
	     grunting behind them, snickers gun-butts hawk to the
	     guns and are poking their heads out of the m to watch.
	     darwin standing out of the sunroof firing a gun.
	     passing beneath, darwin raises up his gun.
	     gun goes off..
	     darwin back-elbows hawk and moves down for his gun.
	     and gun holsters who consult computer terminals.
	     anna pulls a gun from a technician's holster and prays
	     delicately takes the gun from her and laughs until he
	     hawk pauses in disbelief before raising the gun.
	     hawk can't get off a shot.  he throws down the gun in

Adventure: Jay-and-Silent-Bob-Strike-Back
-------------------------------------------
	               stopping at the building. silent bob pulls a grappling gun 
	               jay elbows the glass, breaking it. he takes the gun out and 
	               silent bob rolls he eyes and sticks the gun in his coat. the 
	               bob. the cops leap out of their cruisers, guns drawn. jay 
	               the car, gun drawn.
	                         everyone has bullets in their guns, 
	               gunshots ring out, and bullets whiz by the trio, who are now 
	               the sheriff's gun fires.
	               willenholly aims his gun at the trio's backs.
	               willenholly goes wide-eyed, holstering his gun.
	</b>                         because i need to dry my gun out so 
	               matt/will spins to face clark with two huge guns in his hands. 
	               stands there, guns smoking.
	               and hands her the tranquilizer gun, miming to her. she nods, 
	               shotgun. he slides across the hood of the car and lands beside 
	               willenholly cocks his shotgun and heads for the door.
	               suddenly, a gun shot rings out.
	               all turn to see a roughed-up willenholly, training his gun 
	               willenholly trains his gun on her. jay's mouth drops.
	               shadows, guns drawn.
	</b>                              (points her gun at 
	               justice high-kicks the gun out of sissy's hand. it lands on 
	</b>                         a shitload of white people with guns? 
	               him, holding the gun up in the air.  justice surveys her 
	</b>                              (off suzanne's gun)

Adventure: Supergirl
----------------------
	the door opens behind her and two security officers push  inside, with guns drawn.
	selena gestures with the gargoyle box at the men and their guns fly out of their hands and up to the ceiling. the men stare at the ce1ling, astonished. ethan takes advantage of the distraction to dash out through the open door. selena turns to look at ethan escaping and the
	guns fall to the floor and discharge. the security men run into ethan's bathroom, slamming the door behind them.

Adventure: Road,-The
----------------------
	          the man picks up the revolver and they go inside cautiously.
	          he puts the barrel of the pistol in his own mouth until the
	          boy nods, wide eyed. he takes the pistol out of his mouth and
	          the man puts the gun away and cuddles the boy close. they set
	          nervously, eyes the gun and they move off. 
	          revolver in his belt now and his parka unzipped, ready as 
	          the revolver lying beside him. he slips his hand onto the
	          revolver and raises his head slowly. he looks around - 
	          the boy jolts awake as the man shoves his pistol in his belt,
	          the man puts his arm around the boy and draws his pistol as 
	          the man is wide-eyed, gun ready, eyes darting from the gang
	          member to the boy to the gun. the gang member rolls his
	          the man silently trains his pistol at the head of the gang
	           the gang member sees the gun and stops pissing, looks back at
	          raise the revolver and cock it.
	          the man steps closer and aims the gun at the man's forehead,
	          knees, trains the pistol and fires from six feet away,
	          the man shoves the pistol in his belt, hoists the boy onto
	          boy. he holds the revolver up and cocks it.
	          say. take the gun.
	          the boy freezes, refusing to take the gun.
	          the man shoves the gun into the boy's hand.
	          the gun.
	          the boy hands the gun back and takes the man's hand and they
	          walk away into the woods, the man tucking the gun back into 
	          between them lies the revolver seen earlier. the woman picks 
	          up the gun and swings open the magazine. there are two
	          bullets in the gun.
	          she picks up the revolver and puts the two bullets into the
	          he takes hold of the gun and they walk in a different
	          the man comes out the back door with his revolver drawn,
	          he slips the pistol from his belt, cocks it and squats on his
	          the boy is staring from the door to the pistol to the
	          he has the revolver in one hand and the boy's hand in his
	          hand from his mouth and pushes the revolver into it.
	          again what to do with the gun.
	          he stares down at the little boy who just holds the gun
	          torturous contemplation, the man very gently takes the gun
	          the man aiming the large revolver at the boy's forehead.
	          make a dash for the open window. he sticks his gun in his
	          in the empty gun section there is a deer's head mounted on
	          the man takes his revolver from his belt and approaches the
	          the man draws his pistol and goes out, alert again.
	          cocks the revolver and positions himself under the hatch,
	          the man grabs his gun and cocks it, rushes about turning out
	          when the man returns he has his gun which he surreptitiously
	          line. there is a shotgun blast in the distance and the man 
	          strokes the boy's hair tenderly, takes the pistol from his
	          belt and carefully hides the pistol under the blanket by the 
	           of the boy. he dumps a medical kit and flare pistol he's 
	          one hand and the gun with the other.
	           the man seizes the flare gun, takes it from its case 
	          again the man has drawn his pistol and is aiming it directly
	          sand dunes. the man trains his gun on him, stock still,
	          the man cocks the pistol and there's two loud clicks. 
	          the man takes an intimidating step closer with the gun.
	          puts the pistol on top and holds his hand out for the boy.
	          and scrabbles around for the pistol but it has fallen from
	          spots the flare gun and seizes it, resting it on the trolley 
	          can, flare gun at the ready, arrow in his leg.
	          he bursts into the main room and trains the gun. at the far
	</b>          keep the gun with you at all times.
	           he takes the gun, checks the magazine, shuts it and stands, 
	          shoving the pistol in his belt.
	          red ski parka with the hood up appears carrying a shotgun
	          doesn't flinch, but his hand goes to the gun at his side.
	          the boy's finger tightens on the trigger of the gun.
	          don't you put that pistol away?
	          the boy lowers the gun to his side and the veteran comes a
	          wary. the man squats, leaning on his shotgun.
	          the boy eye the blanket uncertainly, holds out the pistol for
	          as the boy walks out of the dunes holding the gun, a motherly
	          as she's chatting, the motherly woman gently takes the gun

Adventure: Star-Trek-Generations
----------------------------------
	</b>                             forty-five seconds to structural 

Adventure: Flash-Gordon
-------------------------
	          zarkov pulls out a revolver and points it at munson.
	          his revolver and draws a bead on the man's back. just as he
	          gun at him.
	          zarkov jabs the revolver into dale's back. red bolts zap
	          zarkov waves the gun at flash.
	          it's an armed camp. soldiers stand admits tanks and ray-gun
	          zap! from a tank's ray gun.
	          its hinges. flanked by soldiers with ray-guns at the ready,
	          a ray gun - on a tank zaps out a ray.
	          two soldiers stand with ray-guns before a heavy locked door.
	          epic, a crazy combination of swords and ray-guns and clubs
	          piece of ray-gun artillery.

Adventure: Last-Samurai,-The
------------------------------
	his revolver with the last of his ammunition.
	algren wields his saber in one hand and his revolver in the other, serving
	suddenly, the woods erupt with gunfire. trees are shredded.
	a gatling gun.
	six barrels glisten like steel teeth. this early machine gun is the pinnacle of
	with insane courage, he wheels and charges the gun.
	</b>                           this is, gentlemen, the gun that is winning the
	</b>algren looks up. he knows that voice. he carefully puts the revolver back into the suitcase and shuts it before
	rifles they carry make reloading a painfully slow process.
	algren considers this as they observe rifle practice. erratic but
	improving. algren notes yoshitaka's reaction. the rifles seem to make
	</b>                           ask him what kind of guns katsumoto has.
	</b>                           the samurai don't use guns.
	</b>                           no, ask him what kind of firearms they have.
	                           sell a shitload of american guns...and steel...and
	japanese army is on foot they stand, rifles ready.                            ,
	rifles -- others fumble at the ask and then break and run--
	those soldiers who laboriousl y try to reload their rifles are quickly
	</b>                           the crew at winchester can produce one rifle ever y
	</b>                           we gave up firearms two hundred years ago. it
	and they come to the "teeth." howitzer cannons. a row of them. artillery
	the howitzers fire in sequence. thundering blasts that shake the heavens.
	a gatling gun is revealed.
	one of the soldiers screams at him -- raises his rifle -- all the soldiers raise their rifles ­
	one of the soldiers screams at him -- raises his rifle -- all the soldiers raise their rifles ­
	one of the soldiers smacks algren in the chin with a rifle butt. algren reels,
	rifles pressed to his head.
	</b>                          you mean the gatling guns and the howitzers,
	guards with mauser rifles move into position around katsumoto. he turns to
	ten guards with rifles patrol the upper battlements.
	rifle blasts thunder --startling strobe-like bursts of light in the darkness --
	ujio fires arrows at the guards with rifles, hitting two -- but more guards with rifles are appearing, bullets
	of escape. he backs out of the wa y just in time as rifle blasts splinter
	gunfire begins to pepper the floorboards, bullets whistling past them.
	                           with rifles and fixed bayonets. mausers are only
	finally the imperial soldiers are in rifle range. they stop to fi re a volley.
	the mauser rifles flash --
	charge, screaming into the flank of the attacking army. even rifles cannot fire in
	so the giant samurai leaps forward and picks up the shooter bodily, twirling
	an imperial soldier holds up a rifle to protect himself, and ujio's blade cuts
	through the barrel. the soldier just has time to look at the gun in amazement
	</b>                            the gatling guns. quickly.
	the imperial troops fire rifles -- samurai fall .. but still they come: -- pounding
	are moving into position. their rear gates fall open ... revealing the gatiling guns.
	<b>the gatling guns
	but before the guns can open up, he is impaled by arrow after
	the gatling guns finally fire. ripping into the samurai-
	and still the gatling guns tear through them--
	a japanese officer shouts out an order -- the gatling guns stop.

Adventure: Jaws
-----------------
	               shotguns, rifles, nets and tridents; every fishing supply 
	               automatic, another blasts point blank with a shotgun. there 
	               guns are up, heads turning everywhere.
	               converge on the dynamic fin. men raise their guns to fire. 
	               twenty rifles and shotguns pointed directly at him. 
	               twenty rifles and shotguns pointed directly at him. 
	               to lower their guns -- struck dumb.
	               he is assembling the greener harpoon gun, deftly screwing on 
	               with the gun, the radio suddenly squawks into life.
	               with the gun, and as a final gesture, snaps an explosive 
	               quint appears with the harpoon gun. he throws one end of the 
	               quint leaning out over the pulpit, the gun at the ready, the 
	               wall. the m1 rifle is close to his hand. he stares at it.
	               grabbing his m-1 rifle as he goes. brody hits a switch and 
	               police combat pistol stance, holding his .357 in both hands, 
	               shaft onto his gun, finding satisfaction in its heft and 
	               in. quint has his rifle ready.
	               gun.
	                         what can that gun of yours do?
	               his hand. quint puts the spear gun into it.

Adventure: Sherlock-Holmes
----------------------------
	    the lantern and a gun.
	    gun and approaches. holmes places the lantern on the
	    when he gets no answer, the thug points his gun to where
	    reaches around him, grabs his gun hand and pistol-whips
	    him twice with his own gun, dropping him.
	     watson raises his gun, trains it on blackwood.
	     bang-bang-bang-bang-bang! a dozen gunshots o.s.    captain
	     chair, blocking the door, aiming a gun (with an odd                 
	               suppress the sound of a gunshot.                          
	     (possibly grabs the gun) picking up a pile of open                  
	     moriarty extends his hand into which a pistol appears,
	     the gun rests on the beggar's forehead. the cold eyes of
	      stops the coach and again the gun comes out, but this
	               to carry a gun, and on such a
	     irene snatches up her gun.    holmes grabs her arm.
	        he pockets the gun, grabs his jacket and heads out.
	</b>      in desperation, standish pulls a gun.   but as he aims it
	<b>     gun.
	</b>               what are you doing with my gun?
	     holmes looks back at watson, takes the gun, says nothing,
	     and whacks the larger man in the face with the gun --
	     watson pulls his gun, draws a bead on blackwood, pulls
	     loading her gun. the coffee seems ready so she pours a
	      pulls a gun from the desk and moves to the window. he
	      it. he's never going to like guns.
	       gun, holmes has changed into the clothes watson brought
	       they draw their guns.
	       the third thug looks down the barrels of both their guns
	      holmes hands watson his gun. gun in each hand, watson
	      holmes hands watson his gun. gun in each hand, watson
	      hands held high to grab the guns and smash watson.
	      sending both guns spinning away --
	      -- holmes's gun splashes into the sewer.
	</b>                 give me your gun. the bullets, i
	      knife, pouring the gunpowder into --
	<b>       gun.
	       watson is face-down on the stones, still.   the gun falls
	       he start to move towards her.     she whips out her gun.              
	       her gun away. her gun goes flying off the side of the              
	       her gun away. her gun goes flying off the side of the              
	       blackwood smiles. he grabs holmes' gun (which blackwood            
	                 his gun. ingenious.                                    
	      the policeman looks up, and a gun slides into his hand by

Adventure: Star-Wars-The-Empire-Strikes-Back
----------------------------------------------
	han solo replaces his blaster in its holster and peers intently at the 
	pilots, gunners, and r2 units scurry about.  luke, pulling on his 
	other troops load power packs into a gun turret and swing its guns into 
	other troops load power packs into a gun turret and swing its guns into 
	pilots, gunners, and troopers hurry to their stations and their 
	luke turns and walks on, heading toward his snowspeeder.  his gunner, 
	guns of the lumbering snow walkers.
	pilots and gunners race to their waiting snowspeeders.  ice and snow 
	dack is at the gunner's controls.
	his harpoon gun.
	rebel troops fire the dishlike ray gun while explosions erupt around 
	the dislike ray gun is hit by a laser bolt and instantly explodes.
			wedge, i've lost my gunner.  you'll 
	</b>			(to gunner) 
	wedge's gunner reaches for a firing switch to activate the harpoon.  
	</b>			(to gunner) 
	troops fire large bazookalike guns and dishlike ray guns as explosions 
	troops fire large bazookalike guns and dishlike ray guns as explosions 
	erupt around them.  a gun tower is hit by a laser bolt and instantly 
	explodes.  another blast destroys a ray gun.
				(to gunner) 
	running beneath the monstrous machine, luke fires his harpoon gun at 
	gun.  the magnetic head and cable attach firmly to the metal hull.
	a laser gun appears on the falcon and swings around to aim at the 
	he unholsters his blaster and fires at the far side of the huge cave.  
	faster than the wink of an eye, han draws his blaster and pops off a 
	hand.  the evil presence calmly places the gun on the table in front of 
	in a frantic close-quarters fight.  the guards hit han with their rifle 
	his gun and moves up the stairs to face vader.  he feels confident, 

Adventure: Star-Trek-II-The-Wrath-of-Khan
-------------------------------------------
	                             admiral: forty-five seconds...
	</b>                             she can out-run us and out-gun us.

Adventure: Total-Recall
-------------------------
	        carrying a gun in their inside coat pocket.
	                   ya carry ya gun or ya get
	        he takes a modern, lethal gun from his pocket.  quail turns,
	        back.  a pistol lies on the floor.  quail is totally stunned.
	        pleased to see he has remembered his gun.
	        all the men with guns drawn come pouring down the subway
	        see four large men brandishing guns push their way through
	        gunman flashes a holographic badge encased in plastic at
	        the gunman reach the bottom of the stairs and race closer
	<b>                                 first gunman
	        the second gunman adjusts a small plug - a radio receiver -
	<b>                                 second gunman (earplug wearer)
	        the gunmen sit in the ov.  the one with the ear plug
	        advance cautiously, guns at the ready.  they see no one.
	        up to it, their guns at the ready.
	        quail opens it carefully, his gun at the ready, but out
	                   you prefer to keep the gun
	        he can't see the gun, but somehow knows.
	        quail does keep his gun trained on the man.  the man enters,
	        gun at the opening door.
	        trembling, holding the gun point blank in edgemar's face.
	</b>                   you're going to lower the gun,
	<b>        extreme closeup - trigger of gun
	        we see the results of the gunshot from this angle only,
	        quail is aiming his gun at the following car.
	        gunfire blazes all around the car.  quail fires back at
	<b>                            gunfire)
	<b>        two gunshots ring out!
	        bennie standing holding a smoking gun trained on kuato.
	                           (flicks his gun
	        bennie's gun hand is planted against the vent [opening.]
	        a moment to jump him.  he pounds bennie's gun hand, the
	<b>        pistol is sucked, clattering, out the vent!
	        patrol cars close in and rake the desert with gunfire,
	        they're about to peer over the brink, guns at the
	        gun)
	        one of the guard's guns.
	        alarms go off everywhere.  quail -- carrying a gun and all
	        gun) bolt down a corridor past a sign: "level one".
	        at quail), slams in a fresh clip and cocks the gun.
	        gun sends them scattering --
	        window.  she waves and smiles to them, hiding her gun behind
	        close, she suddenly lifts her gun and opens fire, mowing

Adventure: LEGO-Movie,-The
----------------------------
	          close on a racquel welch poster. a blowdart gun emerges
	          reveal bad cop and his men! guns trained.
	          guilty, and watches them get led out at gunpoint.

Adventure: Ghostbusters-2
---------------------------
	shotgun.
				forty-five bucks.

Adventure: Tomorrow-Never-Dies
--------------------------------
	      infrared gatling guns mounted on either side.
	      props his rife on the boulder, and peers through the gun sight.
	      puts his eye back on the scope, shifts the rifle -
	<b>      bond - squinting through the rifle at the outcropping -
	      find bond, crouching behind the rock. automatic rifle in one hand,
	      gatling gun spins, and sends a hail of fire at bond's diversion.
	      gun to the right: two bursts. three men die. still running, he
	      coming at him with a gun. in one unbroken move, bond yanks the knife
	<b>      the 007 gun barrel. main credits.
	                 pistol in the arm?
	      pulls out his gun, kneels... and as he brings the gun up to the
	      pulls out his gun, kneels... and as he brings the gun up to the
	      the cloak erupts, with thug #1 viciously biting thug #2's gun-hand,
	      thug #1 holsters his gun, and climbs on the banister. he's too heavy
	      thug #1 shoves the nose of his gun under bond's chin, forcing 007 up
	      gun arm forward, as, 2) bond pitches his head back. bond's chin just
	      clears the barrel as the gun fires into the ceiling.
	      and smashes it against the thug's arm, knocking the gun away.
	      (yet effortlessly) squeezes the gun from 007's hand, onto the floor.
	<b>      thug #1 lunges for bond's gun on the floor.
	      clutching bond's gun. bond bends down and retrieves it.
	                       (holstering the gun)
	      battle-dressed royal marines patrol the deck; gunnery crews man the
	      the bow is at a forty-five degree angle... and the h.m.s.
	                 missiles, machine guns -
	      one carries a strange-looking harpoon-type gun; another trails a
	      diver #2 shoots the harpoon-type gun, and a dolphin net explodes out,
	      brandishing an uzi at bond, with a malevolent smile:
	</b>                 uzi beats knife.
	      taro motions with his uzi for bond and wade to follow...
	      007 wants to get it, but taro nudges him out with the gun muzzle.
	      wailing, crew members in battle gear, forward gatling gun manned.
	<b>      the cruiser's gatling gun erupts with an eardrum-shattering salvo.
	</b>                 gatling gun beats uzi.
	      as two marines with automatic rifles take bond and wade across the
	      as sidney yells "no!" - the forward gatling gun erupts to life. one
	      reaching inside his jacket, bond removes his gun, and hides it in a
	                 ... do you have a gun?
	                 you heard me. a gun?
	</b>                 does he have a gun?
	</b>                       (gun against her skull)
	      recover, grab their guns, move to the threshold, and start raking the
	<b>      ceiling with gunfire.
	      denly twists, smashing the butt of his gun down on some glassware on
	      the counter, then twists back, returning a burst of gunfire.
	      she thinks he's nuts, but squeezes next to him. handing her the gun:
	      sidney frowns... turns... and as she lets the gun rip, we cut to:
	      and (with gunfire sfx over,) bond sweeps the broken dish into the
	</b>                       (gun burst, then)
	      taking the gun, the two of them start for the door when -
	      a pile of construction equipment, he spots a pneumatic nail gun. he
	      bond - fires his machine pistol at the glass top of the sky bridge.
	      around her waist, and they roll over the railing amidst gunfire.
	      carrying guns.
	      descending crowbar with his gun - but the crowbar snaps it in half.
	      the last guard has sidney in a choke-hold; he's aiming a gun at bond.
	      ducks, (3) the guard shoots wildly, (4) the gun drops, and (5) -
	      and the gun, and runs to the newspaper delivery chute.
	                 the gun out, mr. bond.
	      bond slides the gun several feet in front of him... and throws a look
	      bond retrieves the gun he slid out, and pulls sidney behind the
	</b>                       (taking the gun)
	      there's chaos; a cacophony of voices and wild gunfire as bond steers
	      - bond guns the engine, slams the transmission into gear. burning
	      the tail-lights drop down and machine guns start to fire.
	      pulls a pistol from his pocket and shoots him.
	      top. stamper is behind him, holding a gun on sidney.
	      for a massacre. and at the first sound of gunfire, we cut to:
	      gun point,) with stamper and a guard. harmsway is charming as ever:
	      he sees a machine pistol on the console.
	      rattling harmsway - so he can move closer to the gun, unnoticed.
	      this infuriates harmsway. bond moves closer to the gun.
	</b>                       (to sidney, glancing at the gun)
	      stamper moves towards bond and sidney. bond edges closer to the gun.
	      bond moves, but - the guard picks up the gun!!! bond frowns.
	      as bond grabs the gun, bringing it up to shoot, yung dives on top of
	      him. they struggle, and the gun skitters across the floor towards
	      breaking free, bond moves around a console for the gun. yung takes a
	      reactor core window; the gun, lies on the ground between them.)
	      as yung reaches down for the gun, bond grabs the fire extinguisher
	      in the white smoke, yung drops the gun... then charges at bond,
	      finally, bond retrieves the gun, and pauses to look down at:
	      taking the machine pistol from the dead guard's lap, he opens the
	</b>                 get the guns! it's not him! it's
	      bond swoops in low on the port side of the boat, firing his gun from
	      harmsway regains control of the boat; he takes a gun from the dead
	      harmsway is thrown backwards. gun in hand, he makes his way up the
	      harmsway slowly brings up the gun.
	      bond smacks the gun out of his hand with contempt. moves closer.

Adventure: Black-Panther
--------------------------
	</b>          an african man , n'jobu (30s) sorts through firearms and goes
	          james quickly moves into action, hiding the guns in the walls
	          board. james cocks a handgun.
	</b>          the militant leaderriding shotgun watches as the driver
	          a cargotruckmilitant sits amongst the women, rifle in hand,
	          the cargotruckmilitant stands up and cocks his rifle .
	</b>          the pickup's driver climbs out , cocking a submachine gun and
	          their guns at the base of a tree, but it ' s just a stray dog.
	          the gunmen approach the tree, eyeing around , then look up to
	          then taking the gunner out with a single blow .
	</b>          slipping behind a militant, nakia picks up the man's rifle
	          gun from his hand and grabs him in a neck-lock.
	           at gunpoint.
	          the militant ' s rifle is sudde ly cut in half by okoye who
	          to have klaueand limbani draw silenced pistols and rapidly
	          producing a handgun from his waist, klaue opens fire on ross
	          its edge to block gunfire from klaue's other toughs.
	          his gun . she takes off one shoe and knocks out another
	          approaching gun. swings the arm twisted goon to the floor,
	          knocks him out, taking his gun and shooting up towards the
	          she kicks the gun away from one, fights another with her
	          fire his gun but discovers he ' s out of ammo.
	          klaue smiles, dropping his gun and puts his hands up -- as
	          klaue fires the blaster at him .
	          the driver f l oors it as a gunman the
	</b>          nakia and okoye ... unfazed by the gunfire .
	</b>           guns . so primitive .
	          closing in, panther takes heavygunfire.
	</b>          klaue ' s gunmen search furiously for panther as the le xus lc
	          rifle with a grenade launcherattachment .
	          besieged with automatic gunfire, everybody ducksdown.
	          applies pressure to his gunshot wound as a malecia agent
	          killmonger suddenly draws a handgun
	          grapplingmoveand snatches her gun away before she can fire
	          killmonger finds klaue holding linda's gun to her head, using
	           gun down now!
	          linda's gun . ki l lmonger approaches and klaue rolls to his
	          n'jobu reaches into his waistband and pulls a handgun,
	</b>          ross suddenly opens his eyes and reaches for his gunshot
	          blasters to shoot down two of them, but taking significant
	          the rtf guns in the air at a 45 degree angle and bam it,

Adventure: Despicable-Me-2
----------------------------
	   guards run out and point their guns at the magnet ship.
	   then...woosh! all of their guns are pulled up towards the
	   their guns.
	gru steps toward camera, holding some sort of menacing gun,
	but before it gets to her, lucy pulls out a retractable gun
	seven minions are lined up with seven fart guns. dr. nefario
	           the twenty-one fart gun salute!
	scooter, transforming it into flying mode. he guns the
	a mini-dart gun at shannon.
	          dart gun. i've had to use it on
	then a policeman, with whom he exchanges mimed gunfire.
	--a machine gun lowers and the purple minion's riddled with
	from behind a large jelly gun edith unloads round after
	meanwhile the ship flies off with its jelly blasters firing,
	agnes' gun is a little too big for her and the kick sends her
	gun up to el macho and gives him a threatening look.
	gru pulls the trigger on his jelly gun, but he is out of
	cocking their jelly guns.
	          i am not afraid of your jelly guns.
	</b>          oh, this ain't a jelly gun,
	dr. nefario fires the fart gun directly into el macho's face,
	jelly guns into the air.

Adventure: Way-Back,-The
--------------------------
	          our guns, or our dogs, or our
	          guards level their rifles as the mass of men lay down on
	          a hunter possibly, a shotgun over his shoulder, on their
	          gun he takes something from around his neck and places it

Adventure: Star-Wars-Attack-of-the-Clones
-------------------------------------------
	</b>anakin charges out of the building and runs to a line of parked speeders. he vaults into an open one and takes off, gunning it fast toward the lines of speeder traffic high above.
	</b>the droid bumps against a wall, hoping to knock the jedi loose. it moves behind a speeder afterburner to scorch him. it takesthe jedi wildly between buildings and finally skims across a rooftop as obi-wan is forced to lift his legs, tenaciously hanging onto the droid. the droid heads for a dirty, beat-up speeder hidden in an alcove of a building about twenty stories up. when the pilot of the speeder, a scruffy bounty hunter called zam wesell, sees the droid approach with obi-wan hanging on, she pulls a long rifle out of the speeder and starts to fire at the jedi. explosions burst all around obi-wan.
	obi-wan has jumped into the driver’s seat of his speeder and is deftly gaining on the rogue speeder. the two speeders dive through oncoming traffic and then through cross traffic. finally, anakin is able to get hold of his lightsaber and starts to cut his way through the roof of the speeder. zam takes out her laser pistol and starts firing at the helpless jedi, knocking the sword out of his hand. obi-wan races under the speeder and catches the jedi weapon in the passenger’s seat.
	anakin sticks his hand into the cockpit and, using the force, pulls the gun out of zam’s hand. she grabs the jedi’s hand, and they struggle for the weapon. it goes off, blowing a hole in the floor of the speeder. the speeder careens wildly out of control. zam struggles to pull the speeder out of it’s nose dive. obi-wan gets slowed down by traffic and loses sight of the bounty hunter’s speeder.
	close - somewhere in the room a hand moves to a pistol in its holster and unsnaps the safety catch. at the bar, a glass is placed in from of obi-wan. a drink is poured. he lifts the glass.
	close. the gun is drawn from its holster and held down out of sight. the bounty hunter starts to move toward the bar.
	anakin checks out alien faces. obi-wan signals for another drink. the gun moves toward his unsuspecting back.
	the drink is poured. obi-wan reaches for it. the gun is raised to aim directly at his back, and suddenly obi-wan turns fast. his lightsaber flashes. there is a shrill scream and zam's arm hits the floor. the gun drops from its twitching fingers. blood spreads.
	the drink is poured. obi-wan reaches for it. the gun is raised to aim directly at his back, and suddenly obi-wan turns fast. his lightsaber flashes. there is a shrill scream and zam's arm hits the floor. the gun drops from its twitching fingers. blood spreads.
	jango fett draws his gun and fires at the charging jedi. obi-wan deflects the blast and swings at jango fett.
	in the cockpit of jango fett's ship, boba fett grabs the controls of a laser gun and swings it to aim at obi-wan.
	mace windu draws his lightsaber, jango fett draws his guns and fires at mace windu, who deflects the shots. jango fett and mace windu jump into the arena, where they fight. boba fett wacthes his dad and the jedi master fight. the battle beginss. geonosians fly away everywhere. droids fire at jedi, who deflect the bolts and cult down the droids. the geonosian troops fire ray guns that are more difficult for the jedi to deflect.
	mace windu draws his lightsaber, jango fett draws his guns and fires at mace windu, who deflects the shots. jango fett and mace windu jump into the arena, where they fight. boba fett wacthes his dad and the jedi master fight. the battle beginss. geonosians fly away everywhere. droids fire at jedi, who deflect the bolts and cult down the droids. the geonosian troops fire ray guns that are more difficult for the jedi to deflect.
	the reek and the nexu are spooked by the battle. the reek bucks the riders off its back and stampedes around the arena, trampling droids and jedi that have moved into its path. padme picks up a discarded pistol and joins the fight. several jedi run to the center of the arena and toss lightsabers to obi-wan and anakin.
	above, six gunships are descending fast through the open area in the arena ceiling. they land in a cluster around the handful of jedi. clone troopers spill out and start firing at the droids. there is a hellstorm of laserfire that bounces off the laser shields created by the gunships. yoda appears at the door of one of the gunships.
	above, six gunships are descending fast through the open area in the arena ceiling. they land in a cluster around the handful of jedi. clone troopers spill out and start firing at the droids. there is a hellstorm of laserfire that bounces off the laser shields created by the gunships. yoda appears at the door of one of the gunships.
	above, six gunships are descending fast through the open area in the arena ceiling. they land in a cluster around the handful of jedi. clone troopers spill out and start firing at the droids. there is a hellstorm of laserfire that bounces off the laser shields created by the gunships. yoda appears at the door of one of the gunships.
	the surviving jedi dash to the gunships and scramble in. mace windu hangs on tight as the gunship, firing all its weapons, rises out of the arena up and over the topmost rim.
	the surviving jedi dash to the gunships and scramble in. mace windu hangs on tight as the gunship, firing all its weapons, rises out of the arena up and over the topmost rim.
	<b>int. gunship number one - day
	the clone troopers open fire with artillery. explosions wreck the parked battle starships. clone troopers advance, firing at the massed droids. fighter droids fly overhead, exchanging fire with the gunships and jedi fighters.
	</b>gunship #2 skims the battlefield, firing down, deflecting answering fire from the droids.
	<b>int. gunship number two - day
	</b>obi-wan, anakin and padme are at the open sides of the gunship. clones fire down at the droids below.
	the gunship slows, circling over a droid gun-emplacement. it blasts it, but suddenly the gunship is rocked by a near miss. it lurches violently.
	the gunship slows, circling over a droid gun-emplacement. it blasts it, but suddenly the gunship is rocked by a near miss. it lurches violently.
	through the other side of the gunship, they see a geonosian speeder racing past. in the open cockpit is the unmistakable figure of count dooku.
	on the ground, padme looks up at gunship #2 as it speeds away after count dooku. obi-wan and anakin follow the speeder to a geonosian tower. the speeder decsends rapidly; the gunship follows.
	on the ground, padme looks up at gunship #2 as it speeds away after count dooku. obi-wan and anakin follow the speeder to a geonosian tower. the speeder decsends rapidly; the gunship follows.
	count dooku's speeder parks outside the tower; the gunship parks next to it. obi-wan and anakin leap down and run inside the tower.
	suddenly, the great doors slide open. the droids turn fast, raising their weapons. through the thick smoke, emerges the heroic figure of yoda. he stops on the smoke-filled threashold, four droids lined up on either side of him, guns pointed.

Adventure: Ghost-Ship
-----------------------
		locker, revealing a flare gun and a shotgun. epps pulls back 
		locker, revealing a flare gun and a shotgun. epps pulls back 
		the shotgun and a box of shells.
		shotgun shells into the pump action short barrel 12-gauge.  
	</b>		pretty handy with that scatter gun, 
		the shotgun on her back.
		she puts her shotgun down beside her and takes out her thermos 
		sounds. she reaches out for the shotgun, intently listening.
		she approaches, holding the shotgun up. as she nears, the 
		she tenses, raising the shotgun, holding the light as steady 
		oil drums. she steps closer, raising the shotgun, ready to 
		she fires the shotgun and a spray of buckshot glances off 
		epps and murphy, carrying the shotgun, make their way in the 
		murphy tosses the shotgun to dodge, who catches it.
				shotgun)
		dodge dozes, cradling the shotgun in his arms, when music 
	<b>	on shotgun
		as the shotgun clatters to the deck, the muzzle resting in 
		frame as the radio falls a few feet away. a beat. the shotgun 
	</b>		he took the shotgun and a light.
	</b>		can't find the shotgun.
			shotgun.
		a loud gunshot sounds somewhere in the ship. when epps turns 
		folding back the flap to reveal a shotgun, the shotgun dodge 
		folding back the flap to reveal a shotgun, the shotgun dodge 
		he raises the shotgun.
		as she gets up, diving for cover as murphy shuttles the gun 
		murphy runs quickly down the stairway, shotgun at the ready.
		out of the hull like machine gun fire when the steel plate 

Adventure: Jurassic-Park
--------------------------
	muldoon rests his rifle by a tree stump and shakes with grant and ellie.
	</b> we ordered cattle prods, tasers, guns
	          and wear your rifle when you're working!
	waiting for them.  now there's a rifle slung over his shoulder.  harding
	irrational with terror, she aims her flashlight like a gun.  blasts him.
	          stole.  and going out with a big gun in
	covered the pit has been chewed through and ripped open.  with heavy gun

Adventure: 127-Hours
----------------------
	</b>          like a gunshot in the canyon, the bone breaks. the sound
	</b>          a second gun shot smashes around the canyon. he's sweating

Adventure: Indiana-Jones-and-the-Temple-of-Doom
-------------------------------------------------
	</b>                       put the gun away, sonny.
	       he slips the pistol back into his pocket.
	       his hand  --  under it, he has a pistol pressed against lao's
	       ately turns the smoking pistol with the silencer that he used to
	       gunfire explodes and they both scramble in different directions.
	       suspecting gunman, crashes into him from behind and sends him
	       gunmen rush out to block the way.  indy rolls off the cart and
	       as the gunmen open fire, indy springs onto a chair -- jumps onto
	       using the gong as an enormous shield, indy evades the gunfire ex-
	       lao watches amazed as he and his gunmen dodge tables trying to
	       club now and start firing machine guns!
	       gunfire suddenly explodes, bullets whizz through the canvas top
	       indy grabs his shoulder bag and pulls a pistol out of it.  he
	       pokes the gun through the broken window and starts firing back at
	       from the pursuing cars flash through the rear window and gunfire
	       and dive directly toward them!  suddenly, machine gunfire erupts!
	       gunfire rip along the fuselage.
	       the fighters peel off toward the dc-3 with their guns flaming in
	       indiana sees shorty shooting his pistol out the side door as the
	       planes swoop by again.  out of ammo, shorty throws the gun
	       he's found a machine gun and sets it up on a short tripod.
	       belt that's draped toward the gun.  then shorty jumps behind the
	       machine gun --
	       out the open door!  the machine gun explodes to life, chewing
	       short round sights the blazing machine gun -- suddenly he shoops!
	       time as he swivels the gun, he misses and hits one of the dc-3's
	       suddenly the whip flies and cracks like a pistol shot.  the
	       short round tosses dirt on the guard's legs and grabs a gunny
	       chattar lal grabs a pistol from an unconscious guard and indiana
	       whirls to see him pointing it -- indy kicks the gun from his hand
	       mola ram shouts to his men -- two of them pull pistols and open
	       hears more gunfire.
	       indiana lashes the whip -- the whip wraps around the gunman's
	       the gunman topples through the air and crashes down onto the cat-
	       walk.  indy grabs the gun.  he kicks the guard off the catwalk
	       a gunshot rings out and short round sees the first thuggee car
	       appear around a curve behind them.  mola ram's gunmen start
	       up in the quarry, gunmen push a third car toward the tunnel, but
	       away with the pistol he captured in the quarry.
	       a gunman in the car behind returns his fire, the explosions
	       indy aims and fires again -- the gunman is hit and knocked back
	       in the car.  another guard with a khyber rifle moves up to the
	       rifle -- indy pops up simultaneously and shoots!
	       the gunman is hit, his rifle flies up and his head smashes
	       the gunman is hit, his rifle flies up and his head smashes
	       against the beam hurtling above!  screaming horribly, the gunman
	       closer.  he tosses the pistol and hits a thuggee in the head.
	       another thuggee retrieves indy's pistol and starts reloading it.
	       suddenly indy is being shot at by his own gun and he yells to
	       precariously.  behind them, the curve throws the gunmen from side
	       as gunfire continues to explode from the car behind them, indiana
	       the gunmen in the car behind spit it and yell in panic --
	       looking back, they see the gunmen pop up between the beams -- and
	       they see the looks of terror on the gunmen's faces as they see

Adventure: Star-Trek
----------------------
	      holding both of the guards' rifles -- which he twirls, badass.
	</b>                  your attention, plees: at twenty-two
	</b>                   even if we could, you can't go in guns
	                   mine had a gun.

Adventure: Dumb-and-Dumber
----------------------------
	mental jumps back and pulls his gun.
	out his gun, slides in a new clip, and puts it back in his
	steel. just when he's about to pull the gun out, though,
	          think you may be jumping the gun a
	close up of harry's head through a rifle scope. reverse angle
	high-powered rifle trained on harry.
	andre pulls a pistol from beneath his seat and slips it into
	gun at them. andre steps into the room, and we
	nicholas andre has his gun pointed at a stunned lloyd and
	his gun.
	harry turns to go, but bumps into the muzzle of andre's gun.
	andre keeps his gun trained on them while he speaks on the
	suddenly they hear the metallic click-clack of a gun being
	andre points the gun at mary.
	andre points the gun at lloyd.
	andre sighs and points the gun at harry. then, as mary and
	he aims the gun at lloyd, cocks the trigger. suddenly, a
	shot rings out and the gun is blown out of andre's hand.
	on the floor - harry is very much alive and pointing a pistol
	andre turns to see six guns pointing at his head. he
	          this on me and gave me a gun.

Adventure: 1492-Conquest-of-Paradise
--------------------------------------
		are arguing over a musket and some woolen hats they stole
		heads.  all around them, crossbows and muskets are pointed
		the first men come ashore.  musket fire.  an exchange of

Adventure: Life-of-Pi
-----------------------
	      he sees a duffel bag, zips it open and rifles through the
	      gun. he loads and fires - the flare arcs high up into the
	      it is late now. pi loads the last flare into his gun and
	       and the darkening sky. pi lowers the flare gun. richard

Adventure: Escape-From-New-York
---------------------------------
	</b>a secret service agent taps on the door with his rifle as the rebel
	</b>rehme talks as we pan across a table full of weapons.  we see two guns,
	</b>in twenty-two hours the hartford summit meeting will be over.  china and
	to dissolve.  in twenty-two hours, the cores will completely dissolve.
	he draws his gun as he walks by a group of people.  he's armed and ready
	</b>the pulse keeps getting stronger.  snake walks in.  he holds his gun at
	gun.  cabbie holds up his hands.
	snake lowers his gun.
	his gun at the bum.
	snake levels his gun at her.
	</b>you've got a gun.  you got a smoke?
	</b>wow, snake plissken.  all right!  what you doing in here with a gun,
	snake points his gun at cabbie.  he looks behind him, then gets in the
	snake points his gun at cabbie.
	to put a gun to my head.  i'll tell you!
	snake points the gun more insistently.  tough.
	points his gun.
	snake takes his gun away.  he contemplates brain.
	he cocks his gun and points it at brain again.
	snake lowers the gun.
	people start throwing bricks.  snake hands his gun to brain, who passes
	a purse).  snake drives as fast as he can, gunning off the bystander who
	</b>he had a gun on me, duke, there was nothing i could do.
	</b>snake begins to come to.  we hear gunshots and cheering.  the guards go
	</b>brain and maggie move to the center of the gunshots and cheering
	</b>the duke sits firing with plissken's gun at the president, whose
	the duke points the gun at brain, but doesn't even give him a glance.
	</b>maggie walks across the room, loading a gun.  it's one of snake's.
	he grabs brain by the tie and aims the gun at his head.
	the duke turns away and loses aim of his gun for a moment.  at that
	moment, snake pulls a gun and fires at the steam vent.  at the same
	maggie calmly holds out her hand.  snake smiles and hands her his gun.
	the gun at the duke's car.  the first three shots don't connect.  the
	president has found a machine gun and is now firing away.  he is very

Adventure: Brothers-Bloom,-The
--------------------------------
	     three gunshots, two bloody holes in the nice suit and the
	     a sweaty man named charleston (40s) lowers his gun, while
	     in a derby cap, snatches the gun away and slaps charleston
	                  are. it's mowcher's gun.
	     stephen makes a gun with his finger and shoots at the chink.
	               a black powder rifle at appomattox.
	      stephen pushes open the door, and an instant later a shotgun
	      draped in a ratty bathrobe, bottle in one hand and shotgun in
	      guns) trained on the tin ventilation duct above their heads.
	      eleven rifles cock and aim at her.
	      shotgun, and penelope sitting with a soldier behind caged
	      the chink fires an automatic pistol eight times into the dead
	      on the distant beach, following the faint rapport of gunfire,
	      the chink drives, stephen rides shotgun.
	      a black mercedes roars out on to the road, machine gun fire
	      loading his revolver with shaky fingers. penelope stands
	      outside the window, bloom bolts out of the car, pistol ready.
	      his gun and checks it.
	      down the darkened corridor, gun outstretched.       breathes
	      he lowers his gun, switches on the light.
	      of a double barrel shotgun.
	      bloom spins, gun drawn.      penelope screams.
	      then a moment of stillness.       the shotgun barrel quivers.
	      the shotgun sinks to the ground.      penelope strokes his hair
	      bloom lowers the gun, trembling.
	      behind him, bloom sees the dark figure raising his gun
	      bloom's revolver pops out of his sleeve and he's firing into
	      the fiery rapport of a big pistol flashes from the blackness,

Adventure: Lost-Horizon
-------------------------
	                         we hear the steady boom-boom of gunfire. 
	                         are setting up machine guns. droves 
	                         by gunfire of the bandits.
	                         then a gun is shoved out at them. instinctively 
	                         gun beside him on the seat.
	</b>                         (handing gun to george)
	</b>                         here george, take the gun. hold the 
	                         levels his revolver and sends a stream 
	                         over his revolver arm - and with his 
	</b>                         conway pockets the gun and, bending 
	                         lead porter whips out a gun and fires 
	                         guns. firing off wildly, they trigger 

Adventure: Star-Wars-The-Force-Awakens
----------------------------------------
	          filtered command and they lock and load their heavy blaster
	          come out firing blasters -- the villagers fire back -- many
	          away. poe uses his blaster rifle to fire at incoming troopers
	          away. poe uses his blaster rifle to fire at incoming troopers
	          poe, running, sees this and yells, aims his blaster and fires
	</b>           fn-2187. submit your blaster for
	          the stormtrooper, who holds a blaster at poe's body.
	          fn-2187 tears up parked tie fighters and gun emplacements
	           blasters around here?!
	<b>          8 sprint, blaster explosions get closer and closer!
	</b>           gunner position's down there!
	<b>          int. millennium falcon - gunner position - day
	          finn buckles into the gunner seat -- to his shock the seat
	          finn swings into frame, trying to work the guns.
	          finn flicks switches -- the gun targeting lights up:
	          finn struggles with the gun controls and sweeping chair:
	<b>          int. millennium falcon - gunner position - day
	<b>          int. millennium falcon - gunner position - day
	<b>          int. millennium falcon - gunner position - day
	</b>          rey guns the engines again, flips the falcon and flies away
	          up at han, who's training his blaster on them, threatening.
	          han, chewie and bb-8 take cover, han exchanging blaster fire
	          exchanges blaster fire, han works the controls.
	          han hands rey a blaster pistol as she stands at looks at the
	          han hands rey a blaster pistol as she stands at looks at the
	          finn stands to leave. he offers the gun back to han.
	          rey takes cover, grabs her blaster -- but it won't fire!
	          but ten stormtroopers come over a rise, blasters aimed.
	          in the darkened woods, rey, terrified, keeps her blaster
	          the stormtrooper guard, rifle aimed, moves for her.
	          rey hears the gun fall. she's incredulous. the guard has
	           big gun. all right. let's go!
	          the trooper guard's rifle held tight.
	          he fumbles for his blaster but chewie shoots first. wide
	<b>          arms around phasma, forced to face finn, who holds his blaster
	          the trooper guard's rifle held tight.
	          finn, han and chewie, blasters aimed. phasma reluctantly
	          swoops her rifle at -- finn, han and chewie! she cannot
	          after a beat, rey moves forward with the blaster -- aims it!
	          blaster flies out of her hand -- another gesture and rey

Adventure: Last-of-the-Mohicans,-The
--------------------------------------
		wampum belt holding a tomahawk and a large knife. a long rifle in which is 
	<b>	hawkeye's pov: rack focus through the gun sight
		five feet and fourteen pounds of rifle is elevated a half inch and shifted left, 
		appears warily, musket in hand. 
		the stocks of their brown bess muskets in unison. these men are drilling in preparation
		like a single shot, two hundred fifty black powder muskets fire .65 caliber lead shot at
		three cradle their long guns and move silently on moccasined feet. 
		thirteen muskets explode from the wooded rise. 
		a musket volley as eight muskets go off as one shot, sending a lead scythe through
		a musket volley as eight muskets go off as one shot, sending a lead scythe through
		war clubs and point-blank musket fire. 
		thrust and slams heyward with his rifle butt. 
		remember it. he raises his musket and aims at ... 
		shifts. the .65 caliber musket ball rockets past his ear and he's already squeezing
		from magua's musket blast clears. magua's gone. he almost shape-shifted, it happened
		in the confused melee, grabs a found musket and aims it at an indian. we recognize that
	<b>	heyward's musket
		he's drawn his sword, reflexively. hawkeye flips the musket around one-handed. it's
				miles ... find yourself a musket ... 
		danger & complexity of this place. she hands the pistol back to him. their hands almost
	<b>	english gun crew
	<b>	english gun crew
		excited. colonial militia and mohawk snipers fire their rifles. the british gun crew
		earth, shredding the english gun crew with cannister. the english fight stubbornly, but
		we feel they're outgunned. meanwhile ... 
		wounded men. just then a mortar is fired and explodes, killing the gun crew. on the
				 logistics are his guns are bigger than mine 
		braceful of pistols on a sash. inside is simple campaign furniture and a six by eight foot
		including captain jack. stacked rifles are against the casement. we don't know why.
		each rifle is within reach of hawkeye's hand. hawkeye is taking extra care loading
		two pistols are holstered in a sash around his chest. he wears no hat and carries no
		now handed already-loaded, primed and cocked rifles while the four men behind them
		judges wind, elevates the long rifle ... and fires at us. 
		their muskets aimed mostly at hawkeye.
		torchlight with the long muskets and bayonets are an image out of goya. 
				sooner french guns blow the english army
		they carried two hundred and forty-five bateaux across a ten mile portage, all their
		silver is in his ears. his tomahawk is in his left hand. his cut-down musket in his right
		raises his musket in his fist and emits a war whoop. we now see ... hundreds have
		of musket fire, war whoops and screams as ... 
		as the line of muskets belch smoke and fire ... 
		from both sides. (important: the combined musket fire of hurons, english and
		using their useless muskets as clubs or with fixed bayonets - as the smoke and fog
		struggle with hurons. cora's dress is torn. she holds alice to her. there's a pistol in
		an iron grip. his right hand pulls his horse pistol and under his upraised arm fires
		musket into the man's chest, sending the ramrod through him. then heyward's shot in
		dazed. barely able to stand. he uses the musket as a cane and ...
		side by musket fire. one of the rangers is shot, the other wounded. hurons attack. the
		smashing his war club straight down on a huron, reaches for the man's musket and
		have emerged from the smoke ten feet from them. heyward's aiming a horse pistol at
		heyward's a hair's breadth from firing. suddenly they hear the boom of muskets and
		is indifferent to huron musket balls. hawkeye hasn't stopped paddling and pays
		around his leg. he lowers the gun. 
		musket balls ricochet on the water's surface. one rips a hole through the bow.
		heyward digs in. like firecrackers in the distance, huron muskets sound. a new hail
		of musket balls cut the fabric of the canoes. one redcoat is shot in the back. he falls
		more huron musket balls hit water nearby. 
		musket range. 
		edge, his tomahawk in front of him, his musket near his right hand. there is no sign she
		musket is exposed. many scalps are tied to his tomahawk. he walks towards us
				send your arrows and guns to the seneca, 
		uncas sees magua's direction. uncas touches his father, grabs his musket and races off.
		two's musket coming up. uncas swings. fires. before he's fallen, uncas bayonets
		musket falls. before it hits the ground his tomahawk is out and hacks four over the

Adventure: Four-Feathers
--------------------------
	</p><p><p id="act">the sound of guns echoes in the distance. harry looks up. his face is unshaven, his eyes glassy from lack of sleep. another volley sounds outside. harry gets off the floor and walks over. as he does so we see the piles of newspapers that have gathered on his floor over the past few weeks. 
	</p><p><p id="act">the regimental guns boom outside. harry opens the window. he wants to hear them more clearly. he wants to be reminded of his shame.
	<p id="dia">maybe i'll come back sooner than i think -- hear the guns booming off the african coast, and take the first ship home.
	</p><p><p id="act">as the camels tread their way through the sun baked shingles a ghostly fortress appears on the horizon. the men start loading their rifles instinctively.
	</p><p><p id="act">the sniper's bullet rings out and sends one of the animals crashing to the dirt. the men start to run now, seeking shelter in the surrounding hutments. the sniper's gun rings out repeatedly.
	</p><p><p id="act">durrance has a clear view on the sniper's tower now. from below he can see the man's rifle edge out, fire, and then withdraw. durrance heads quietly towards the tower stairs.
	</p><p><p id="act">several of the steps are missing from the rickety stairway. durrance climbs over them as lightly as he can. up above he can hear the sniper's rifle ringing out. 
	</p><p><p id="act">the rider turns and charges out of the camp. the corporal blows a whistle, reaching for his gun, firing after them. castelton stares at the disappearing figures, wondering if what he saw was real, or a figment of his troubled conscience. 
	<p id="dia">we'd better get the gatling gun out.
	</p><p><p id="act">the grenadier guards are crouched in formation, rifles ready. trench changes position, asking one of the other soldiers to swap with him, settling down next to castelton.
	</p><p><p id="act">the british camp is shrouded in gunsmoke, flashes of orange light bursting through, the gatling gun wreaking havoc.
	</p><p><p id="act">the british camp is shrouded in gunsmoke, flashes of orange light bursting through, the gatling gun wreaking havoc.
	</p><p><p id="act">enemy bullets crackle past durrance's head, but he doesn't seem to notice. through the smoke and dust he sees hundreds of enemy dead, lying in blood smeared heaps. the dervish onslaught is less sustained now. the occasional straggler appears out of the haze and is blown away by a burst of gunfire. suddenly durrance hears the sound of a bugle.
	</p><p><p id="act">durrance stares curiously as a flicker of sunlight streaks across the heads of the distant riders. he watches the approaching dust cloud, wondering why it's coming at them so fast. slowly he begins to make out the first figures. something about them isn't right. their uniforms hang too loosely. they ride too far apart. he reaches for his gun.
	</p><p><p id="act">harry sees durrance aiming his rifle, a moment too late. the gunshot sends his horse spinning to the ground. he feels the weight of the animal pin him down. as he looks up he sees the dervish riders riding over him, letting their arrows fly.
	</p><p><p id="act">the sky above flickers with light as the arrows catch the sun. the steel shafts hurtle down, plunging into exposed eyes and throats. all around him castelton sees soldiers totter and fall, arrows sticking out of them like quills. he pulls out his revolver and starts firing at the onrushing horses.
	</p><p><p id="act">castelton and trench fire at the charging horses. as they fall, the other grenadiers take courage, and rush at their riders, bringing them down in a volley of gunfire. the soldiers clamber over the dead bodies and link up with the rest of their square.
	</p><p><p id="act">castelton doesn't hear him. his parade ground training is taking over. he lowers the rifle and fixes a bayonet on it. 
	</p><p><p id="act">durrance charges out of the british square as he sees his friends fall, firing round after round into the enemy ranks. every time his gun empties, he picks up another from a dead soldier, and keeps going. 
	</p><p><p id="act">durrance charges towards the enemy, firing into their massed ranks, oblivious to any danger. one of his guns jams. durrance keeps pressing the trigger. the gun suddenly backfires and blows up in his face.
	</p><p><p id="act">durrance charges towards the enemy, firing into their massed ranks, oblivious to any danger. one of his guns jams. durrance keeps pressing the trigger. the gun suddenly backfires and blows up in his face.
	</p><p><p id="act">hassan aims the pistol with his good hand. he's about to squeeze the trigger, when there's a loud explosion from the opposite shore. a bullet smashes through his skull and hurls him into the water. 
	</p><p><p id="act">two bullets spin abou fatma round, grazing him in the leg, knocking the rifle out of his hand. limping as fast as he can, he takes cover behind the camels.

Adventure: Interstellar
-------------------------
	          in-law is riding shotgun; the boys are sleeping in the back.
	          spins the plane and guns the throttle and they bounce along
	          rifle over his shoulder.
	          he pokes at the undergrowth with his rifle. the rifle clanks
	          cooper, stunned, points the rifle at the robot.
	          the robot turns, dropping the boy, rips the rifle from
	          murph picks up the rifle and begins hitting the robot as
	          murph raises the rifle butt. a voice stops him.
	          tough, bright, and a decent shot with the large rifle that
	</b>           don't forget your gun.
	</b>           (points rifle at cooper)
	          on a wetsuit. brand is gunning the engine, guiding the tiny
	          hopelessly outgunned by the gravity of the black hole.
	          terminal. scans the motherboard. takes case's rifle and
	          the rumble grows. as cooper watches, case's rifle slides
	          the chinese officer steps forward, rifle levelled.
	          case keeps his rifle raised.
	          cooper picks up the rifle from the destroyed marine and begins
	          doyle sits at the table. he has found a flair gun in one of
	          doyle looks at the gun.
	          gun. points it at cooper.

Adventure: Zootopia
---------------------
	</b>          at twenty-two hundred hours, we
	hopps drives as nick sits shotgun-- eating blueberries.
	the sheep loads a gun, cocks it. we see a map with pictures
	nick holds up a case-- containing a gun and a pellet.
	bellwether takes the dart gun out of the case, aims at nick
	bellwether looks at her gun, in disbelief.
	livid, bellwether sees a blueberry in the gun's chamber.
	hopps drives. nick rides shotgun, eating a pawpsickle.

Adventure: Guardians-of-the-Galaxy-Vol-2
------------------------------------------
	</b>                    you don't know what a rifle is?
	          gamora's rifle is jammed.    she tosses it down.   pulls her
	          screen on front and a blaster on each side - getting closer.
	          unconscious. as one ravager falls, a gunshot is discharged.
	</b>                    put you damn guns down!
	<b>          a gunshot rings out; the fin is blown off the top of yondu's
	          their pistols in time.
	          pistols beside the dead ravagers.
	          get close to yondu and rocket but the arrow and gunshots zip
	          taserface, clutching a big ass gun, is marching down the hall
	          nebula hollers as she blasts her guns, diving towards gamora.
	          she stands and runs along the hillside as gun blasts burst
	          blasters from the m-ship, attached to an ammo rig.
	          gun, as she walks forward.
	<b>          quill pulls out his pistols and fires; the blast tears
	          but, as the charge on peter's blasters wears out, ego just
	          blasters for arms - detach from the front of every omnicraft.
	          rigs, avoiding the gunfire.
	<b>          o.s. gun blasts.
	                gamora hardens. she stands and snatches a rifle off the wall.
	                she falls over, unconscious, revealing rocket with his gun.

Adventure: Heavy-Metal
------------------------
	<b><u>a gun emplacement</u>
	japanese soldiers crank the barrel of an anti-aircraft gun
	ackack guns blast shells skyward.  the gun blasts light up
	ackack guns blast shells skyward.  the gun blasts light up
	<b><u>the bellygunner</u>
	<b>                      bellygunner
	<b><u>the bellygunner</u>
	<b>                      bellygunner
	<b><u>the tailgunner</u>
	tailgunner momentarily lit with a shell burst, he's scared
	<b>                      tailgunner
	<b>                      bellygunner
	<b>                      bellygunner
	<b>                      tailgunner
	<b><u>the tailgunner</u>
	<b>                      tailgunner
	tailgunner crosses himself, then exits back into the body of
	the mood of high spirits is stopped abruptly as the tailgunner
	<b>                      tailgunner
	under the "pacific pearl's" belly, we see the bellygunner
	<b>                      bellygunner
	<b>                      bellygunner
	<b>                      tailgunner
	<b>                      bellygunner
	the turret swings as the gunner spots the glow.
	<b>                      bellygunner
	<b>                      bellygunner
	<b>                      bellygunner
	skin, near the tailgunner's position.
	<b>                      bellygunner
	<b><u>the bellygunner</u>
	he looks in to the kid's reargun compartment.  all that is left
	the navigator panics and reaches up, grabbing the flare gun
	                 ... twenty-two counts of piracy
	the beast-captain keeps his machine gun trained on den as
	captain and lifts him into the air by his machine-gun.  the
	captain hangs on as den twists the gun, butts it into the
	the creature crumples, leaving den with the gun.
	</b>                    (aiming machine-gun at him)
	as den knees one in the groin and swings his gun into another's
	gunshots become audible as the narration begins.
	inside the cab, the young man pulls a gun out of his jacket,
	and holds the gun to harry's head.
	dematerializes.  the gun which he held at harry's head
	guns and weapons.
	guns come out and start firing.  a fat, evil-looking man (rudnick)

Adventure: Pirates-of-the-Caribbean
-------------------------------------
	gun ports on a side, and rail guns to boot.
	gun ports on a side, and rail guns to boot.
	          the boats! gunnery crew... jackets off
	h.m.s. interceptor, a small sleek vessel with rail guns and
	the scabbard, it also carries a compass, pistol and small
	he pulls a pistol from his sword belt, hands it to murtogg;
	--in an instant, half a dozen pistols are aimed at jack. he
	</b>          keep your guns on him, men. gillette,
	</b>he holds out jack's pistol and belt. norrington takes the
	</b>          taking stock: you've got a pistol with
	wrist of the man holding the   pistol  and yanks. the pistol
	wrist of the man holding the   pistol  and yanks. the pistol
	pistols are drawn again, but now elizabeth serves as a
	          commodore norrington ... my pistol and
	mullroy hands the pistol and belt to norrington. norrington
	</b>she takes the belt and pistol from norrington -- jack's
	quicker than she is, and takes the pistol from her. he
	pistols fire -- and miss. jack swings out, out, out, away
	jack's pistol is aimed directly between will's eyes.
	</b>          i know those guns!
	up around her with each boom of her guns. she's firing on
	is the boom of a gun, and the butler crumples.
	</b>          still the guns, and stow 'em!
	the guns ceases. elizabeth is surprised -- and relieved.
	grinning with them --   but his gun is still level. the
	jack moves his pistol across, points it at gillette.
	jack's pistol is on them the whole time.
	          will, he's given a pistol with a single
	          option of that pistol begins to look
	hand on the rigging. points the pistol at barbossa.
	              (raises the gun to his head)
	will lowers the gun ... steps down -- the pirates surround
	a pirate hands jack's pistol to barbossa.
	the pirates laugh. barbossa tosses jack the pistol -- but
	jack checks to see if the pistol parts are dry; they are.
	jack has finished putting his pistol back together. he
	          gun deck above yea
	wraps his pistol securely in an oilskin pouch.
	</b>          - - and its guns and crew will cut you
	</b>          be quick, now. train the starboard guns
	murtogg fires a pistol at a pirate. the pirate is hit,

Adventure: Stuntman,-The
--------------------------
	               one has almost got his gun out.
	               other side. behind him, distant shouts and a gunshot.
	                          shotguns and tell them it's open
	               pounding as loud as the bells. a burst of machine gun bullets tears
	<b>          85   machine gun
	</b>               a 50-calibre machine gun, a special effects man in levi's and sport
	               series of explosive squibs. like machine gun bullets, they start
	               rifle butt. the blow glances off cameron. they grapple, kicking,
	</b>                it screams down vertically, full power, machine guns blazing, then
	                almost brushing the ground, machine guns rattling, driving some
	                mangled over the barrel of the gun, the horses insane with terror.
	</b>                                it's twenty-two seconds! in twenty-
	                                twenty-two bullets in that fat gut
	                                seem to do in twenty-two seconds is
	                          schmuck with a gun. that doesn't
	                eagerly rifles the contents. then, sensing a presence, he turns.
	                 man is handing out rifles and boxes of bullets to the german
	</b>                                 these guns are kinda modern for
	                 unnerved by the sight of those cops with guns. the second cop is
	</b>                fanned out across the field is a row of men, guns held ready.

Adventure: Fugitive,-The
--------------------------
		gun.
		kimble slams the door back on the figure knocking the gun 
		the attacker immediately goes for the gun. kimble grabs a 
		leg and twists him down, the man's fingers hit the gun, 
		covering each other, they move quickly up the stairs - guns 
		third floor. the first cop, gun drawn, turns the corner of 
			artificial arm? what kind of gun was
		aggressive. he shifts his gun on his hip so he can sit down.
	</b>		do you own a gun, dr. kimble?
	</b>		what kind of gun?
			the neck, gun, bullets, and lamp... 
			gun is a .38, isn't it? your prints 
			were on the gun, the bullets, the 
		guard lighting a smoke. old guard drowsing. shotguns 
		the driver. pistol on his hip.
		belt. young guard stows his shotgun in the weapons locker.
		old guard watches from the open cage door, shotgun 
		prisoner #2 dives for young guard's holster. as the gun comes 
		jolting old guard. he chambers his shotgun. kimble hits the 
		prisoner #1 broadsides old guard. shotgun discharges... 
		young guard wrestles gun from prisoner #2 and fires, killing
		old guard shotgun-butts prisoner #1, flips the gun, pumps 
		old guard shotgun-butts prisoner #1, flips the gun, pumps 
		old guard jams his shotgun under the seat. but just as the 
		him dead. now a sound. old guard whips his shotgun around 
		troopers with guns drawn block the exits. the p.a. from a 
		gerard unholsters a 40 caliber, glock model 22.
		... and tumbles out of control. gun and radio clatter away.
		kimble sticks gerard's gun into his waist band to balance 
		up his gun and pulls his handcuffs. he moves through the 
		renfro lowers his gun.
		surges out, knocks newman's gun from his hand. in a flash, 
			stairwell waving a gun and 
		handgun.
	</b>		i remember you were pointing my gun 
		and blocks kimble's view of the cop. it's sykes. his gun 
		sykes - the gun tucked next to his side - turns.
		the cop sees sykes' gun, reacts...
		sykes is thrown to the floor - the gun slips from his grasp. 
		kimble moves for the gun as sykes comes up, catches kimble 
		kimble reaches the gun first, lifts it in his left hand and 
		aims at sykes. sykes sees the gun in kimble's hand and 
		gun in his right hand and whips it across sykes' face. 
		then hits sykes again and again with the butt of the gun, 
		kimble tucks the gun in his belt and moves to the transit 
		cop's guns out. people back out of his way. he moves to 
		beneath the hotel. deposits the guns into a mail box and 
			guns matches description of richard 
		the shooter pulls back.
		shoulder harness and takes the gun from renfro's hand. 
		nichols moves toward gerard with the gun.
		and clocks him - sending the gun skittering on the floor 
		turns on the sound and finds his gun trained on kimble 
		instantly that kimble saved his life and lowers his gun.

Adventure: Star-Trek-Nemesis
------------------------------
	the pilot's position.  data assumes the gunner's position.
	picard grabs a phaser rifle from a weapons locker as...
	picard powers up the phaser rifle as:
	picard framed in the doorway, phaser rifle ready.
	his phaser rifle --
	blast knocks picard to the deck -- the phaser rifle spins

Adventure: Bourne-Ultimatum,-The
----------------------------------
	    bourne finds a large sink...rests his gun there...lays out
	       the police enter the back room, guns drawn.
	       in one motion grabs his gun from the sink and disables the
	       bourne freezes policeman #2 with his gun and a look.
	                   give me your gun and radio.
	       policeman #2's gun and radio skittle across the floor.
	     bourne smashes the radio and takes the gun.
	he makes a gun with his hand, i.e. bourne putting his gun
	he makes a gun with his hand, i.e. bourne putting his gun
	     the bodyguard comes back, gun out--
	      views. rifle mics picking up the bus chatter, instead of
	      guns drawn.     so quick.   passengers screaming.
	</b>                he's got a gun.
	       he takes out rifle parts from his rucksack. starts to
	      location. paz finds the silver door and aims his rifle at
	       hammond moves quickly into the room -- gun raised.
	       up the stairs...checking his watch, reloading his gun.
	        bourne continues to hold the gun in her face -- nicky is
	        bourne lowers his gun, grabs the phone and dials "1-1-2"
	</b>                  334 calle norte. i hear gunfire.
	        the agents drop their guns and surrender.
	desh is prepping his gun with a silencer.                        *
	bourne kicking the gun - spinning across the floor - he and    *
	       landy takes out her gun.   checks it.
	and points his gun at the driver.
	the police officer goes down in the hail of gunfire as
	bourne turns and expertly drops the gunman with a single
	we pick him up as he jumps into the cops car and guns the
	        bourne kicks the window out of the police car.   gun up...
	        fucked up. he comes to...and bourne is there. gun pointed
	        his gun...and disappears...
	       about it, doesn't show any fear, doesn't reach for a gun.
	       bourne aims his pistol at him as the elevator door closes.
	       then spins, gun up--
	</b>                   put the gun down. i wouldn't be
	       hirsch moves toward bourne, completely unfazed by the gun.
	       bourne raises the gun to hirsch.
	      bourne looks down, a gun in his hand. he gets to his feet
	      swiftly and fires the pistol several times into a hooded
	      bourne lowers the gun.
	      as he does, he turns and sees paz, who is holding a gun on

Adventure: How-to-Train-Your-Dragon-2
---------------------------------------
	          fishlegs rifles through his note cards contained in his belt

Adventure: Three-Musketeers,-The
----------------------------------
	     with madness. he aims the pistol at aramis' head.
	     races through pistol shots like a demon possessed.
	     captain of the guards. a man-at-arms raises his musket
	                  your pistol and powder, please.
	     spanning a shallow stream. they are armed with muskets
	     the farmer laughs, contemptuously. he raises his pistol
	     pistols emerging from beneath the cloaks of the
	     raises the barrel to his lips and blows away the gunsmoke.
	     ticing muskets and sabers.
	     muskets already drawn... is a patrol of cardinal's
	      the horesmen fire pistols as they ride. a shot grazes
	      the top. the climb is fast and treacherous, gunfire all
	      athos points his pistol at d'artagnan.
	</b>      he rides, straining to hear the sounds of gunfire. as
	      pistols are cocked.    henri's shadow falls across
	<b>      pistols explode.
	      athos holds his musket in a steady hand. a very long
	      athos grips the pistol tighter, as if to ward off the
	      musket in his hands.

Adventure: Star-Wars-The-Phantom-Menace
-----------------------------------------
	blasting away with their laser guns. they stop firing and stand in a
	four naboo guards are also held at gunpoint. nute and rune stand in the
	the giant power-house engines torque as the pilots gun them. the pilots
	then guns it as gasgano goes over the cliff. anajin accelerates so fast
	four tusken raiders perched above the race course fire their rifles at the
	gun firing randomly, accidently blasting several droids in one process.
	along the edge. they have pulled small attachments out of their pistols and
	pistols and are embedded into the ledge. padme, captain panaka, and the
	padme throws down her pistol and turns to captain panaka.
	lands on one of the tank guns. a gungan warrior signals jar jar to jump
	off. jar jar is afraid. the gun swings around trying to knock jar jar off.
	officer. she takes a third pistol and blasts the last of the battle droids.
	throws more pistols to the other guards. the neimodians are confused and

Adventure: Terminator-Salvation
---------------------------------
	</b>          the soldiers rake the room with gunfire-- machinery
	</b>          the boy emerges from behind some rubble, holding a handgun in
	          with one hand while holding the gun on him with the other.
	          sudden speed, marcus grabs the boy's gun hand and wrenches it
	          gun, wraps one arm around the boy's throat.
	</b>          the noise of a shotgun pumping close behind marcus--
	</b>          marcus spins to face his attacker, pressing the handgun into
	          shotgun at marcus' head-- she looks ready to shoot.
	</b>                    first put down the shotgun.
	</b>                    there was only one bullet in that gun.
	          she cries out and fumbles the shotgun. marcus tosses the boy
	          at her, the two of them sprawl on the ground, the shotgun
	</b>          marcus quickly snatches up the shotgun.
	</b>          marcus stands over the kids with a gun in each hand.   he
	                    guns at me.
	</b>          marcus quickly checks the chambers of both the shotgun and
	          handgun-- indeed, both are empty.
	                    bullet and an empty shotgun?
	</b>          he shoves the handgun in his belt, puts the shotgun down and
	</b>          he shoves the handgun in his belt, puts the shotgun down and
	</b>                    can i have my gun back?
	          here. the guns and star's watch lie on a dresser.
	                     his gun on me-- guess i just went
	          shotgun leaned on the wall at his side. he has the bible
	</b>          kyle rises in back, swings at it with the shotgun butt--
	          each carrying their unloaded guns.
	          delighted. kyle shoves the gun into his waistband, moves to
	          bite, then gnaws ravenously. star leans the shotgun against
	          pig, bull and cow. pig grabs the shotgun, bull grabs kyle
	          and yanks the handgun from his waistband.
	          beside kyle and bull. bull tosses the handgun to cow who
	</b>          pig eyes marcus, points the shotgun in his face.
	          them into the barrels of the shotgun. pig snorts and pulls
	</b>          marcus yanks the gun away and tosses it aside, head-butts
	</b>          cow points the unloaded handgun at marcus-- click click.
	          fortifications-- concrete bunkers, anti-aircraft guns, etc.
	</b>          --anti-aircraft guns at the far side of the river let out a
	          pause, scanning the area, chain-guns at the ready. they
	</b>          the t-1s suddenly turn in that direction, guns blazing--
	          gunfire, small fires erupt from the incendiary bullets-- it's
	          with high-tech rifles with explosive shells-- they react to
	</b>          gunfire strafes around and ahead of him-- setting off several
	</b>          more gunfire rips apart the trees around marcus as he sprints
	          marcus, hovering a few feet above the water, the gunner
	<b>          gunner opens fire--
	</b>          with the gunner - he pauses a moment, squinting into the
	</b>          the gunner tumbles out of the chopper and falls in the water.
	</b>          the gunner surfaces, trying frantically to swim to shore.
	          its plasma rifle on marcus, scans him, red eyes glowing...
	</b>          marcus moves past banks of anti-aircraft guns and missile
	</b>          skeletal terminators armed with plasma rifles are pouring in
	</b>          the terminator shoots his rifle through the car's windshield--
	          and   wrenches the rifle from its grasp. as the robot spins on
	          kyle guns it out of there, careening off walls and other
	          plasma rifle blasts don't have much effect on the armor.
	</b>          --the tank appears, moving swiftly around a corner, gun
	          motorboat. kyle carries the rifle now.
	          the blue glow of a rifle charging.
	          of the blast, lie motionless on the dock. their plasma rifle
	          the dock, its plasma rifle trained on the water now. it
	</b>          star puts the rifle aside, with an apologetic expression.
	          plasma rifle at his side. a doctor examines him warily,
	          blows his gun arm clean off. his plasma rifle discharges,
	          blows his gun arm clean off. his plasma rifle discharges,
	          kate cries out and throws herself on top of him. his gun has
	<b>          snow, guns blazing.

Adventure: Three-Kings
------------------------
	     over his head, then puts it down and picks up a gun. troy
	<b>     pov through rifle scope
	     loud, as he pulls trigger slowly.  slow motion rifle sound.
	     rasping, a flag is clasped in one hand; a rifle in the other.
	     music blasts.  two soldiers fire their fingers like pistols
	     vig whips out his big thunder 5 pistol and points it in their
	     the iraqis wail for mercy. troy pushes vig's pistol away.
	     vig points the big pistol at an older iraqi officer who is
	     vig fires his pistols with fury at a series of stuffed
	     pow pow pow, vig fires his big pistol into the desert.
	     mounted 60 mm machine gun, a bart simpson doll on the grill.
	     pistol and misses the ball as it bounces to the desert.
	     doc throws a ball. vig fires his giant pistol twice and
	</b>               this gun's too heavy to shoot
	     wear white anti-gas suits and hold pistols and drink from
	     they sit in the humvee and hold their pistols ready.
	     doc jump out, pistols drawn, flank the cow --
	     archie takes vig's big pistol and empties the shells and puts
	               typical of all gunshot wounds. the
	     troy and doc leap from the humvee with pistols drawn and
	     guns and put the iraqis face down on the ground. troy and doc
	     doc points his pistol in the iraqi's face.
	     they point their guns. it's a show. archie holds the map.
	     30 rock-throwing shiite scatter at the gunfire. two men fall
	     their rifles as they come towards vig, when suddenly two of
	     the shiite riding shotgun fires back, as the windshield
	     troy and doc point their guns in the crowd.
	     <u>points his pistol at smithson.</u>
	     troy and doc leap out, hold pistols out at arm's length as
	     they accost two iraqi soldiers pointing rifles at them.
	     archie runs down a narrow cement corridor, pistol held at
	     troy and doc, pistols drawn.
	     archie and troy burst in, pointing their guns aggressively.
	     off with his pistol --
	     troy has one rifle iraqi on the ground, but the second is on
	<b>                         rifle iraqi #2
	     takes the pistol out of his hand. troy watches.
	     room and points his pistol in the captain's face.
	     vig keeps the two cuffed iraqi guards on the ground at gun
	     suddenly an iraqi armored truck with a mounted machine gun
	     archie puts his pistol in the man's face.
	     <u>their pistols.</u> troy points his gun at iraqi 6, who has come
	     mans the mounted machine gun in the rear of the hummer.
	     troy, doc, vig point their guns. the iraqi major is pissed.
	     down on the ground, and throws the soldier's gun away. archie
	     the iraqi major raises his machine gun as he stands next to
	     troy looks scared as he points his pistol at the iraqi
	     soldiers, who point their rifles back at troy and doc.
	     machine gun, with archie's hand, against the humvee.
	     vig nervously swings the mounted machine gun from one iraqi
	     point their rifles at the americans.
	     whip pan to iraqi 6 jerks his rifle toward archie and fires.
	     slightly slow motion: whip pan from iraqi rifle to archie.
	     regular speed: vig swings the mounted machine gun from one
	     slightly slow motion: vig swings the mounted machine gun and
	</b>     exploding from the gun.
	     slow motion: archie jams his pistol under the major's chin
	     and fires -- the only sound is the. slow explosion of the gun,
	     vig nervously swings the mounted machine gun back and forth.
	     shirt: there's a gunshot in his kevlar vest. the slug drops
	     vig swings the mounted machine gun toward the three remaining
	     doc takes the iraqi soldiers' guns and pushes them down.
	     troy displays the gunshot in the kevlar.
	     disinfectant over archie's gunshot wound in his lower left
	     gunshot rings out, a soldier is hit in the arm.
	     whip pan to a shiite boy with an old rifle in the third floor
	     iraqi soldiers. troy reaches for his pistol and it is ripped
	     archie, doc, and vig look disoriented, point their pistols
	     a gun shot rings out. the iraqis turn to look.
	     pan to 7 shiites with rifles climb the unmanned iraqi tank.
	     shiites rebels sit on top of the captured tank with rifles as
	</b>               you need some guns, right? you
	</b>               yeah, we need some guns.
	               got training and guns from america.
	     old pistols and rifles are pulled out.
	     old pistols and rifles are pulled out.
	     no response. suddenly vig's pistol fires.
	     his gunshot blows a hole in the iraqi truck -- which deflates
	               scared when there's guns around.
	     imam, and a handful of shiite gunmen. they get into the cars.
	     guards point their guns at vig and the shiite and they run
	     locked, his pistol sits inside on the front seat. a gunshot
	     locked, his pistol sits inside on the front seat. a gunshot
	     gunmen from firing, but they fire anyway and 3 iraqis fire
	     he reaches out and holds the rifle of a shiite. everyone
	     stops firing, slowly the iraqis drop their guns. doc has wet
	     fire with machine guns --
	     machine gun fire from the chopper. shiites fire rifles up at
	     machine gun fire from the chopper. shiites fire rifles up at
	     hit in the head, thrown by the force of the gunshot into vig,
	     in the chest, then the other -- the only sound is the gun
	     thigh. the only sound is gun shooting, flesh tearing --
	     down at the interrogator on the floor, points the pistol into
	     watches, out of breath. troy fires the gun just to the side
	     lowers the gun.
	     pistol ready. doc holds the football, troy holds the lighter.
	     bunker, and aims an old rifle at the chopper.
	     gunshots ring off the side of the chopper, chipping plastic.
	     archie fires his pistol as he goes out the door with troy,
	     weapons. troy and doc take rifles from wounded iraqis.
	     doc nervously scans the area with his pistol pointed.
	     ground from behind and twists the gun away. doc binds the
	     archie pulls pistols from the bloody bodies of the two iraqis
	     he points his pistol at imam.
	     his pistol at imam.
	     rifle shot rings out, troy jumps.
	     as archie and doc continue to hit him with gunfire.
	     doc looks around frantically with his pistol pointed. archie
	     <u>a gunshot rings out and -- slightly slow motion -- hits troy</u>
	     a gunshot sounds -- archie turns and looks over --
	     five shiite rifle men chase down and shoot, at 30 yards, the
	     last iraqi gunner in the desert.
	     <u>archie sadly takes vig's big pistol from vig's clenched hand.</u>
	     watch the convoy approaching -- they hold their guns ready.
	     archie stands in the front of the humvee with a rifle at his
	     5 u.s.drivers get out with their rifles ready. they release
	     man the mounted machine gun on the humvee. iraqi soldiers on
	     holding their machine guns.
	     pov through iraqi gun sight -- cross hairs pan from doc, to
	     walk three abreast, 7 feet apart, rifles ready.
	     the shiites on either side, rifles ready.
	     havichon in the humvee swings the mounted gun up to the
	     fires his pistol into the air.

Adventure: War-for-the-Planet-of-the-Apes
-------------------------------------------
	   many carry guns, others military-grade crossbows.
	through his gun site to see --
	rifle -- while the third waters the horses at a stream.
	</b>          the one with the gun...
	-- and preacher fires an arrow into the ape with the gun!
	balance, dropping weapons (guns, spears, bows & arrows) as --
	ravages of war. apes scavenge for weapons, stripping guns
	rifle on the floor a few feet away. blue eyes clutches his
	and grimly retrieves the gun from the dead soldier on the
	the colonel quickly swings his gun off his shoulder --
	caesar makes his way through the crowd; clutching a rifle in
	caesar rides alone, rifle in hand, the sound of the ape
	rocket reveals a rifle in his hand.    but caesar remains firm:
	he drops the wood suddenly, revealing a rifle strapped to his
	caesar clutching his smoking gun, staring distantly at the
	finally, caesar lowers his rifle -- only now aware of their
	caesar and rocket have their guns drawn.
	looks as caesar readies his gun -- and smashes down the door!
	on caesar, eyes blazing, furiously training his gun as he
	caesar, gun still trained on her, adrenaline coursing through
	finally, maurice reaches over, places a hand on caesar's gun,
	man, his gun still a few feet away. she stares at him,
	gun, points it right at him. winter freezes -- then:
	humiliated and angry. boyle levels his gun at winter again.
	he is already off his horse -- when distant gun blasts echo
	glimpse the barrel of a shotgun he has just found --
	flash of gunfire erupts from atop the figure's horse --
	the apes all exchange looks; then raise their guns as we --
	enter, guns first...    as they pass us, the door swings shut
	the apes cautiously close in, guns trained on the hearth,
	caesar stops at the opening; he cocks his gun loudly,
	... when suddenly, the stolen shotgun is tossed out at them,
	the apes exchange a look -- rocket quickly grabs the shotgun,
	rocket lowers his gun. then signs:
	an alpha omega soldier looming right above him, rifle raised!
	the soldier pulls the trigger -- click -- but the gun is
	expression on his face, clutching the bayoneted rifle in his
	rifle from rocket's shoulder... then heads off, back toward
	rifle comes slamming down into us -- and we smash to --
	soldiers keep guns trained on them. caesar squints out at
	places the   gun against caesar's temple -- the speed and
	it's lake. the colonel pauses at the sight, gun still
	stones and tools. the colonel finally lowers his gun.
	soldiers with massive machine guns by the wall. unnerved, he
	sees them hoisting the guns up to the sentry towers... where
	          saved. i held that gun in my hand, and i
	a squad of five soldiers, guns-drawn, amped up, shouting at
	as rocket arrives at gunpoint, the colonel gestures to red.
	guns trained; a few laugh derisively, amused by the display --
	exit -- when ch-chink -- the colonel cocks his gun.
	at gunpoint, apes roll massive sophisticated artillery out of
	enters, shutting it behind him; he raises his gun at the
	he spins, swinging his rifle -- the chained apes rush out of
	livid, he raises his gun, about to shoot -- when an orangutan
	maurice hands him up boyle's rifle --
	slowly hides boyle's rifle behind his back...
	out of the pen, holding the stolen rifle -- crossing to
	the crush to get to the other end, gripping his rifle --
	glued to the colonel, he places his hand firmly on the gun
	caesar lifts the gun slowly, then trains it down at the
	listlessly groping for a gun that isn't there.
	reeling, caesar unconsciously lowers the gun -- but as the
	colonel's agonized face... to the gun in his hand...
	finally, horrified, he slowly lowers the gun. self-awareness
	the gun back down onto the table.
	primitive gaze... and he resumes reaching lamely for the gun.
	clumsy fumbling sound, a single gunshot echoes from the room.
	red hands bullet belts to a gunner loading a big .50 cal
	machine gun --
	-- when the gunner beside red suddenly notices the apes
	<b>                    gunner
	gunner rotates his machine gun -- and opens fire!!!
	gunner rotates his machine gun -- and opens fire!!!
	taking heavy fire from gunners on the wall! he freezes,
	the gunner ducks from rocket's bullets, then jumps back up,
	returning a mad volley from his machine gun, shouting over
	<b>                    gunner
	<b>                    gunner (o.s.) (cont'd)
	red snaps out of it, turning to the exasperated gunner --
	<b>                    gunner (cont'd)
	beneath gunners on the wall!
	<b>                       gunner (o.s.) (cont'd)
	red turns, startled, to find the gunner screaming at him,
	<b>                       gunner (cont'd)
	he nods to the gunner -- who immediately turns back to the
	the gunner turns, suddenly realizing what red has just done,
	ears -- the gunner pulls out his pistol -- pointing it at
	ears -- the gunner pulls out his pistol -- pointing it at
	the gunner turns and takes aim at caesar!
	-- narrowly dodging the gunner's bullets tearing up earth
	the gunner's alarmed eyes suddenly whip toward the tanker --
	engulfing the wall beside it, and consuming all the gunners

Adventure: Avengers,-The
--------------------------
		pistol shots over as:
		emma takes out a .38 gun, points at his heart, fires -- 
		the following car swerves back, stops and bailey emerges, gun drawn as steed and the
		to steed's surprise, she pulls an uzi from her basket and
		bangbangbangbang -- !  sprays bullets into bailey, who crumples, gun
		button, gets inside, doors shut, as the bullets from machine-gunning gas
		pistol whips her.  emma crunches back onto the metal.  blades whirring close!  
	</b>				(pulls his own gun)

Adventure: Legend
-------------------
	his flute, aiming the instrument like a blowgun.

Adventure: Wall-E
-------------------
	          keeps her gun trained on him.
	          the cockroach climbs down her gun arm.
	          she retracts her gun arm.
	</b>          she draws her gun on him.
	          wall-e boxes up. guns it.
	          an orderly-arm easily detaches her gun arm.
	          grabs eve's separated gun arm.
	</b>          ...he's holding the gun backwards.
	</b>                                 ("put the gun down...")
	          the gun fires backwards.
	          wall-e still holding on to eve's gun arm.
	          still holds eve's gun.
	          just as she reattaches her gun...
	          she appears to brandish her gun at camera.
	</b>          eve aims her gun at the screen.
	</b>          eve draws her gun arm. points it at gopher.
	          her gun arm stuck inside the cube.
	          eve raises her gun arm...
	</b>          ...and eve is aiming her gun straight at camera.
	          eve fires her gun. destroys a steward.
	</b>          ...and blasts a hole in the ceiling with her gun.

Adventure: Shrek
------------------
	                         a loaded pistol who likes pina colads 

Adventure: ParaNorman
-----------------------
	           crystal pulls a pump-action shotgun from somewhere about
	           rifle smoking. he looks up again, weighs up his chances,
	</b>           sheriff hooper is outraged, and snatches the gun out of
	           mask like war paint, shakes her shotgun and points down
	           hooper pulls out her gun and marches toward the zombies.
	           gun, arms spread defensively.
