
Romance: Tin-Cup
------------------
	50   he rifles another drive into the stratosphere.              50

Romance: Crying-Game
----------------------
	close on jody, kissing her. a gun is put to his head. he
	the gun whacks him across the cheek and he falls sideways.
	him. the tallest of them, fergus, cocks the gun.
	gun dangling close to his face. fergus holds the gun. he is
	gun dangling close to his face. fergus holds the gun. he is
	sitting by a chair, gun in his hand, watching the prisoner.
	guns, screaming.
	chair and sits him in it. he sits opposite, gun on his lap.
	fergus gives her the gun.
	jude smiles, holding the gun on her lap.
	back to his seat and drinks his tea. he fingers the gun on
	fergus holds the gun to his face. he fishes inside jody's
	fergus leads jody outside, holding the gun against him.
	chamber of his gun. fergus has a gun in his hand. he checks
	chamber of his gun. fergus has a gun in his hand. he checks
	fergus pushing jody through a copse of trees, the gun at his
	fergus prods him on with the gun. jody stumbles forward.
	fergus is panting, pointing the gun at jody
	fergus, hearing the gunfire, runs through overhanging
	she pulls a gun and sticks it between his teeth.
	she kisses him briefly, with the gun at his temple.
	is a gun wrapped in an oilcloth.
	gun.
	jude, fully dressed. she takes a gun from under the bed and
	dil crouching beside fergus, his gun in her hand.
	she stands up, still pointing the gun at fergus.
	elderly judge comes out. the car with his security men guns
	by his goon. maguire, running toward him, gun in hand. the
	an uzi and returns fire. maguire hit, still shooting. other
	gun at fergus's head.
	she begins to cry and lays the gun gently on his chest.
	gun.
	dil rises from the bed and points her gun at jude.
	dil walks closer, holding the gun and pointing it at jude.
	jude, on the floor, reaches for her gun. manages to grab it.
	jude in her gun shoulder. jude spins one way, the gun the
	jude in her gun shoulder. jude spins one way, the gun the
	as she raises the gun, dil shoots her repeatedly, saying:
	blood. dil turns the gun on fergus.
	dil points the gun at him, squeezing on the trigger. then she
	she raises the gun and places it in her mouth. fergus takes
	house. he picks up the gun, wipes it with a rag to remove

Romance: Pretty-Woman-(final-script)
--------------------------------------
	          his jacket, revealing a holster with a gun inside.
	           does darryl always carry a gun ?

Romance: Labor-of-Love
------------------------
	          visit  -- usually it takes gun-
	it's raining hard like gun-fire from the sky.  maurice sits
	policeman stands poised -- gun aimed directly at the men

Romance: Body-of-Evidence
---------------------------
	                    no differently than a gun, or a knife
	                    gun at him.
	                    her?  did she hold a gun to his head?
	</b>                    what do you think i've got?  a gun?
	          gun at dulaney.
	          paley struggles to make a decision.  the gun shakes in his
	          towards him.  paley lowers the gun slightly.
	                    give me the gun.  give me the gun and
	                    give me the gun.  give me the gun and
	          starts to raise the gun at dulaney -- then just as suddenly he
	          paley stares at her blankly.  he slowly lowers the gun and

Romance: Silver-Linings-Playbook
----------------------------------
	<b>          pat's hands as he rifles through stuff on the closet floor.

Romance: Water-for-Elephants
------------------------------
	          put that damn rifle away. blackie
	</b>          i need a gun.
	</b>          i need a gun! or a rifle! now!
	          jacob jumps into the ring stock car with the rifle as kinko
	          jacob respects marlena's fortitude...jacob raises the rifle
	          rifle slides to his side. he looks to marlena. this is their
	          first moment of intimacy. she rises and takes the rifle from
	          the menagerie, crossed legged, with the rifle beside him.
	          as he walks away, rifle over his arm, jacob is unnerved;

Romance: Marley-&-Me
----------------------
	          machine guns, there's like nine of 'em
	          and she gets into her car and guns it, splintering the
	          barrel of my shotgun, and ate half my
	           and then marley jumps the gun, takes a huge bite of the cake,

Romance: Yes-Man
------------------
	                    will definitely check out your gun
	</b>                    i just flew twenty-two hours. what
	          hits the buzzer. a guard with a machine gun opens up.
	</b><b>                              machine gun guard

Romance: Frankenstein
-----------------------
	               rifle aimed at the sky. the men wait. holding their breath. 
	               walton pulls a pistol from his drawer and slams it flat on 
	               he rams the rifle into its scabbard, turns to her.
	               white. victor rises with a revolver in each hand, cocks the 
	               victor raises the other gun. boom! another flash of smoke. 
	               ...and the creature is on him, slapping the pistols clean 
	               out of his hands. the guns sail through the air, spinning 
	               victor glances over. claude has pulled the collier pistols 
	</b>                         make sure you keep your pistols dry
	               he rolls off the bed, snatching up both pistols lying primed 
	               bundled in a rough coat. flintlock rifle dangling at his 
	               victor slides down the entrance, rifle cradled. the cave is 
	               desk, slaps his hand on the pistol lying there. a frozen 

Romance: Almost-Famous
------------------------
		doesn't mention it.  like a machine-gun:
		gun like. jann werner turns to the kid.

Romance: Piano,-The
---------------------
	               offer the guns.
	our land if we have no guns to 
	</b>               they wrong peini. we need guns 
	               gun, ask for his gun!
	               gun, ask for his gun!
	gunless, but clutching to his chest ada's engraved key.
	tree stumps. in his other arm he has his gun.
	of his rifle prodding him under the chin. baines wakes rudely with a 
	near the bed on a box, resting his gun across his knee, his face is 

Romance: American-Werewolf-in-London
--------------------------------------
	     the slaughtered lamb armed with shotguns and torches
	     guns, blowing him away.  the sudden burst of violence
	</b>               a gun.
	</b>               i know where he can get a gun.
	</b>               a gun is good.
	</b>               you just put the gun to your
	               them to bring guns.
	     an officer unlocks a rack of rifles which are
	     the guns blaze.  the wolf falls dead.  alex leans on

Romance: Something's-Gotta-Give
---------------------------------
	          gun.. .can't let you travel quite yet.
	pajamas. they look so low. she opens a drawer, rifles through it,

Romance: Midnight-in-Paris
----------------------------
	                  living selling old cap pistols and

Romance: Birthday-Girl
------------------------
	               the photographs, the gun lighter, the brochure, and the 
	               a fire she is building. she lights it with her gun cigarette 
	               the little gun.
	               silver gun.
	               he looks at the little gun.

Romance: Cider-House-Rules,-The
---------------------------------
	               homer points his finger at the child's forehead like a gun.
	               as homer stands guiltily, larch rifles through an x-ray file, 

Romance: Hard-to-Kill
-----------------------
	             gunsights.
	guns come out.   calabrese and vitale start this way --
	a long-barreled shotgun.
	<b>                          shotgun punk
	shoves them to the shotgun punk. the punk scowls --
	shotgun punk fires without warning -- point blank into
	<b>                         shotgun punk
	smiles. shotgun punk points the gun at storm's face.
	smiles. shotgun punk points the gun at storm's face.
	<b>                         shotgun punk
	spins between the punks and behind the gun.
	the shotgun goes off and blows away part of the back wall --
	the gun, rotates the gun as a bar, breaking the punk's
	the gun, rotates the gun as a bar, breaking the punk's
	the others make their move -- but now storm has the shotgun
	storm ducks, goes to his knees, and uses the gun to foot-
	slams against the floor. as soon as he hits, the shotgun
	          have this big shotgun and all   you
	storm sets the gun down.    punk #3 is still frozen.
	          you just use your gun?
	camera, tapes from case, gun. he gathers the glasses,
	two men -- carrying shotguns, faces hidden by masks --
	two dark figures with shotguns leveled fill the door.
	there is an eruption of gunfire and blinding muzzle blast
	right hand, and uses it against the gun as a tool for
	ferocious shotgun blast --   storm is blown into the air
	<b>int. karl becker's bedroom - angle on different shotguns
	little man rifles storm's pockets, including the versace
	without hesitation pumps his shotgun, aims at the boy.
	running, shotguns tight to their sides. they cross the
	in go shotguns, plastic bag with tapes -- and their masks,
	c) the masked assassins. shotgun blasts detonating point
	shotgunned storm seven years ago!
	ford   hears andy! he spins ... gun ready.
	pounding down the steps three at a time.    gun in hand.
	she nearly faints at the sight of the pistol leveled
	shotogun blasts blow the rest of the door to hell.
	into the hallway, shotgun spinning to cover his advance.
	ford appears -- right in his face, assault rifle leveled
	sending the rifle flying. in one motion, he pinwheels
	appear running down the drive -- shotgun and assault rifle
	appear running down the drive -- shotgun and assault rifle
	</b>                 (gun in hand,
	holland and the driver are out of their car, guns drawn.
	ford races up, reinforcing them. he has an assault rifle --
	his gun.
	andy making storm put the gun away.
	concealed gun pressed to esposito's ribs.
	guns zeroed on storm's skull.
	pull his gun. o'malley grabs a heavy metallic suitcase
	seeing the gunmen, sonny in horror crawls under a car.
	in the hand, sending the  gun flying off under     the cab!
	turner aims his gun.   suddenly:
	nolan, gun in hand, watches incredulously. o'malley
	now actually raising his gun. suddenly:
	table, breaking the rack with a crack like a pistol shot.
	          with this gun in my hand. right?
	storm holsters his gun.
	as he backs out of the toilet, he pulls his pistol from
	he fires, storm empties his gun straight at holland.
	deafening suddenness: a shotgun blast erupts point-blank
	shotgun by the handle and punches the barrel straight
	the house, shotgun still in his mouth.

Romance: Adjustment-Bureau,-The
---------------------------------
	</b>          you can't jump the gun on this,,..

Romance: No-Strings-Attached
------------------------------
	          they don't have guns.. their
	          apartment, holds me at gunpoint and
	</b>          i say; "put down the guns
	          gun.

Romance: Blast-from-the-Past,-The
-----------------------------------
	       brandishes a pistol and, just for fun, points it at
	       calvin.  when calvin sees the pistol he ducks into the
	       and we (not calvin) see that the realistic-looking pistol
	       is really a water gun.
	                 the streets. others point guns.
	                 do you have a gun, by the way?
	                 do you think i should get a gun?
	                 don't have a gun.
	                 with their cars and their guns and

Romance: Mulholland-Drive
---------------------------
	</b>the driver, still in his seat, has a pistol with a silencer
	</b>		two men... two guns in the caddy.
	holding a silenced pistol and in one swift move reaches out
	behind ed's desk, wipes the gun clean with a handkerchief and
	places the cleaned gun in ed's right hand. he places ed's
	gun goes off. the bullet shoots out and penetrates the cheap
	grabs the pistol from ed's dead hand and lifts it to fire,
	</b>joe cleans the pistol once again and places it back in
	having been ripped and torn by shotgun blasts. a dried sea of

Romance: It's-a-Wonderful-Life
--------------------------------
	               and flashes of gunfire in background.
	                         son of a gun. congratulations!  how's 
	               bert is standing in the entrance, with his gun in his hand. 
	               bert raises his gun to hit george on the head. as he does 
	               street yelling for clarence. bert gets up, takes out his gun 

Romance: Ghost
----------------
	               sam stops abruptly and turns around. a gun is staring him in 
	               suddenly the gun goes off. the mugger panics and takes off 
	               the mugger pulls out his gun. sam looks on in absolute terror.
	               stop him, blasts his gun at the closet door. it is riddled 
	               down the hall toward oda mae's door. willie pulls out a gun, 
	               willie moves quickly through oda mae's apartment, his gun 
	               he aims his gun and opens the door all the way. the hallway 
	               his gun falls to the floor. he reaches for it and sam pushes 
	               hit willie in the head. he freaks. grabbing his gun, willie 
	               shaking uncontrollably, willie fires his gun at the mirror. 
	               his gun. carl picks it up.
	               carl is standing on the landing. he is holding a gun. he 
	               violently. carl aims his gun at her.
	               he aims his gun at her eye and is about to fire when, 
	               his gun blindly into the air. molly and oda mae dive for 
	               molly and aims his gun at her head.
	               the gun is cocked at her temple. no one moves. slowly the 
	               his gun. the weapon flies out of carl's hand. empowered by 
	               carl, crawling desperately to escape, sees his gun on the 

Romance: Moonstruck
---------------------
	                         like me. i wish i hadda gun. if i 
	                         hadda gun, i would shoot four of 

Romance: My-Best-Friend's-Wedding
-----------------------------------
		dashing, confident driver.  julianne riding shotgun, hair flying, a
			    for at least forty-five minutes.

Romance: Tamara-Drewe
-----------------------
	           smell of blood and gunshot;
	           through the gate. loads his rifle while watching the dog.
	           he raises the gun.
	           straw hat and flowery wellies, with a smoking gun.

Romance: Eternal-Sunshine-of-the-Spotless-Mind
------------------------------------------------
	patrick hangs up, rifles quickly through his backpack.  he

Romance: Intolerable-Cruelty
------------------------------
	               miles points the gun at herb.
	               the prosecutor shows the jury an extremely large handgun.
	</b>                         how far would this gun have to be in 
	               joe takes out his gun.
	               joe is raising the gun at miles. miles sprays him with mace.
	               joe reaches with his gun hand to keep the inhaler from 
	               falling. he momentarily bobbles both gun and inhaler.
	               joe recovers and raises the gun to his mouth as he points 
	               bang! the off-screen gunshot is followed by the sound of a 

Romance: Battle-of-Shaker-Heights,-The
----------------------------------------
	<b>               distant gun and mortar fire
	               he drives straight for a fallen log, guns the engine and 
	               the stutter of a nearby machine gun startles him.
	               determined, he grabs his pack and carbine and sets off on 
	               he takes his smith & wesson 1917 pistol from his pistol belt 
	               he takes his smith & wesson 1917 pistol from his pistol belt 
	               halfway across the open grass, kelly raises the pistol but 
	               his pistol points right into the officer's shocked pink young 
	               quick as a flash, the gi's colt 1911 pistol is at the german 
	               eve goes to her purse and rifles through it to find her 
	</b>                         my dad has a gun.
	               kelly waits with his rifle next to his jeep, bored.
	               he raises his rifle and points it at the figure.
	               rifle and tears.

Romance: Bruce-Almighty
-------------------------
	bruce, who lowers a bamboo blow gun, cooly addresses camera.

Romance: Color-of-Night
-------------------------
	           she takes a chrome-plated revolver in her drawer, starts to put
	          revolver, and puts the revolver in her mouth, as if she wanted to
	          she strokes the revolver in a quite erotic way.
	          and takes his revolver out. a draught flips the pages of his
	          notebook. he seems to feel better, puts the revolver back and
	</b>          he gets up. we see his pistol hooked on the back of his belt.
	          hector opens a drawer, and takes a revolver out of it. he holds it
	</b>           i do not like guns.
	          hector puts the revolver back in the drawer.
	          around. buck has a gun in his hand.
	          rug. bill dries his face. he looks at the gun, still in buck's
	</b>           i don't like guns.
	          buck shoves angrily the gun between the armrest and the cushion of
	          and jeans. there is a gun on the low table near his head. we hear
	          we hear the sound of a nail-gun, and a nail clicks on a piece of
	          several nail-gun shots. nails are getting stuck in the various
	</b>          shot from behind dale. he holds a nail-gun and keeps on shooting
	          dale raises his nail-gun slowly, but hector appears from behind a
	          wall, holding a «real» gun.
	           in the toolbox. now ! i got .45 caliber nails in this gun !
	          hear the sound of the nail-gun and a nail gets stuck in dale's
	          holding the nail-gun pointed on him.
	          bill tries to get the belt off his neck. rose raises the gun to
	          tries again. it still doesn't work. the gun must be empty.
	          thrown the gun away, starts running through the workshop.

Romance: Zerophilia
---------------------
	          and confidence, it suggests there may be a shotgun under the

Romance: Cold-Mountain
------------------------
	               large gun emplacement and some men still sleep against the 
	               rourke weaves through the gun emplacements, laughing.
	               goes back to his gun.
	<b>               horses, guns, men are blown to pieces and thrown up into the 
	               the confederates begin firing into the crater. guns and mortar 
	               and guns swung like clubs and inman sliding down into that 
	               hell, tiring the nine rounds, then the shotgun charge, which 
	               young oakley loses his rifle and picks up a magazine case, 
	               only one of them sits with a rifle surveying the confederate 
	</b>                         a tintype, with your gun and your 
	                         in this world, not a tree a gun or a 
	<b>               inman's gun is at his temple.
	                         what kind of pistol is that i never 
	               the gun trained on veasey as he sets her down by the fire.
	               has a sniper's rifle and is loading for a third shot. inman 
	               up, but clinging on, as the rifle continues to deliver its 
	               he picks up his gun and leaves dolly gathering up the children 
	<b>               the barrel of junior's shotgun.
	<b>               next he swings the shotgun barrel against the side of inman's 
	<b>               three men burst in behind her, rifles raised.
	               up and finds himself staring down the barrel of a shotgun.
	               labouring away, but with his shotgun by him. teague stops 
	               stops working, picks up his shotgun and goes over. teague 
	               esco comes over the rail fence, his gun loose in his hands.
	                         with a shotgun.
	               he starts to fish out a tobacco pouch. esco's gun swings up.
	               esco kicks out at him, the shotgun rigid and pointing.
	               out at him, knocking the gun from his hands, which fires 
	<b>               mo reverses his rifle and clubs her to the ground.
	</b><b>               gun suddenly springing into his hand. as acton falls, bosie 
	               backdoor with the shotgun and a determined look.
	                              (of the gun)
	               ada the gun and approaches, warily.
	               peeled for the turkey, gun at the ready. his dog growls, and 
	<b>               is perched in the tree. the pistol flashes in his hand.
	               inman takes out his gun. she starts, terrified.
	                         world. every blade, every gun.
	               inman is up, grabbing clothes, boots, his gun.
	<b>                                     pistol
	               nym gets close to her, putting his rifle to her chest.
	               nym unties her. pistol has a rope around the hog and now 
	<b>                                     pistol
	               pistol heads towards the cabin. as he approaches the door, 
	               bardolph rearranges the blankets to, cover the baby. pistol 
	               opens the door. nym is on top of sara. pistol laughs, enters, 
	</b><b>               he obligies, teague's carbine springs up in his hand and 
	               across the snow. a shotgun lines up its sight at one of them.
	               turkeys tires to reload the shotgun.
	                         out with a shotgun more often. he 
	               carbine fires an involuntary shot into the air. inman yanks 
	               the gun from his hand with his own left hand and lets go the 
	               shotgun barrel of the lemats with the other, the big pistol 
	               shotgun barrel of the lemats with the other, the big pistol 
	                         gun and ride home, i'm done fighting. 
	</b>                         i give you my gun you'll shoot me 
	               and in that second he produces his gun and fires. inman has 
	               ada hurries on, taking the shotgun from ruby, who tends to 

Romance: Curious-Case-of-Benjamin-Button,-The
-----------------------------------------------
	     sailing back into the rifles from whence they came...
	                   us... the chief gunner loved the
	      we see the young gunnery mate, no more than nineteen...
	      sitting at his post on a high caliber machine gun...
	</b>                        (on his gun, to
	      tugboat, turns the .50 caliber machine gun on the
	                   thirty-four hours, twenty-two

Romance: Reader,-The
----------------------
	</b>                    you know what i'd do? put the gun

Romance: Big-Sick,-The
------------------------
	                right? and i already called shotgun

Romance: Burlesque
--------------------
	          he hands her a prop gold machine gun.
	          he points his finger, gun-style, which would seem cheesy, but

Romance: Cooler,-The
----------------------
	               a floor manager nods as a hefty bet is paid out to a shooter 
	               -- a hot craps table. the crowd applauds as the shooter lands 
	               its hot shooter -- a loud, pudgy, overdressed suburbanite.
	               dealers. the stickman skips the next shooter and feeds the 
	<b>                                     shooter
	                         guns, no matter what. and they woulda 
	               his hand to his gun. bernie nods at natalie. they climb out. 
	               lowers the gun to the back of bernie's head.
	               wham! -- and a gunshot.

Romance: Juno
---------------
	               bleeker shakes his head and rifles through his textbook.
	               she takes a seat in the waiting room and rifles through a 
	                         gunplay and incest?
	                         those t-shirt guns at sports events.

Romance: Witness
------------------
	               framed there, the big muzzle of the .38 revolver looking 
	               belt buckle, then his big pistol in its holster, then his 
	                         gun under his coat and goes around 
	               smith and wesson .357 blue finish revolver with a silencer. 
	               lowering the pistol alongside his leg, as two men, barely 
	               as mcelroy walks past book, drops the pistol to the pavement, 
	               book whirls on him, his service revolver in his hand pointed 
	</b>                         gunshot... they'll file reports... 
	               eli frowns at book's holstered pistol lying atop his neatly 
	               she picks up the pile of clothes and the pistol and places 
	</b>                         ...but a gunshot wound. very serious.
	                         grandfather took in gunshot english 
	               book's big .38 revolver lies holstered atop his folded 
	               pistol grips. unable to resist, he starts to remove the weapon 
	               mutely, samuel hands book the pistol from arm's length. he 
	               looks on as book takes the pistol out of the holster, shoots 
	</b>                         you ever handle a pistol like this, 
	               samuel levels the pistol at the door and, just as he snaps 
	               find her son has a gun pointed at her. samuel blanches and 
	               samuel quickly hands the pistol back to book, who holsters 
	                         curious. i unloaded the gun -
	</b>                         it's not the gun. don't you 
	               he hands her the holstered gun and the loose bullets.
	               a beat, then rachel, takes the pistol and starts to go. book 
	               book's holstered gun and bullets at center table. eli sits 
	</b>                         the gun – that gun of the hand – is 
	</b>                         the gun – that gun of the hand – is 
	</b>                         my... eh... gun?
	               cupboard. she passes the gun in its holster to book. he 
	                         man to our house. with his gun of 
	                         house. fear of english with guns 
	                         gun.
	               going with the trio of gunmen... mcelroy, breath smoking in 
	                         he's got a gun, hasn't he?
	               butt of his shotgun. eli crumples to the floor. rachel 
	               and starts again toward the barn. gun at the ready.
	               gun up. he eases around the doorpost, looks within.
	               fergie's head and the other hoof snaps his shotgun in half 
	               checking his gun, not hurrying.
	               firing again, then again. emptying the gun, cursing as he 
	               him roughly aside. then schaeffer turns, fires a shotgun 
	               helplessly, then she rushes to where she hid book's gun, 
	               release the pistol and it clatters to the floor. she closes 
	               mcelroy swats at him with the gun butt, moves to the door. 
	               shotgun shell near the hayfork...
	               book listening at the kickboard. sounds of feet, shotgun 
	               climbing with difficulty, shotgun clutched in one hand.
	               schaeffer finds another spent shotgun shell, crosses to the 
	               ladder, looks down. he sets his shotgun down, takes out his 
	               back wall of the ladder well, brings the shotgun up, puts 
	               forward (having leaned his weight on the shotgun) as book 
	               seizes the shotgun by the barrel, pulls inward.
	               grabs as he plunges past book. the shotgun fires as mcelroy 
	               into the frame comes a hand with a pistol in it. the muzzle 
	               as book struggles to his feet – schaeffer holding the pistol 
	               into the barnyard. schaeffer has the muzzle of his pistol 
	               turns until he is facing schaeffer... the gun now leveled – 
	               book's right hand snakes out, grabs schaeffer by the gunhand 
	               wrist, twists viciously, schaeffer screams in pain, the gun 
	</b>                         have you got your gun on now?

Romance: Garden-State
-----------------------
	          he pulls his gun out of his holster to show large.

Romance: Hannah-and-Her-Sisters
---------------------------------
	            did everything but exchange gunshots.
	mickey raises the barrel of a rifle to his forehead.  he
	            frozen, with the gun to my head,
	the gun goes off with a loud bang.  the mirror shatters.
	</b>            all of a sudden, the gun went off.
	            the gun had slid off my forehead
	            i don't know.  i heard a gun.  is
	finally, he throws the rifle down between the sofa and the
	coffee table.  the gun goes off a second time.  mickey,

Romance: Spanglish
--------------------
	    window. the other man points a gun at the ceiling preparing

Romance: Adventures-of-Buckaroo-Banzai-Across-the-Eighth-Dimension,-The
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
	jacketless, a sinister pistol visible in the tooled leather shoulder 
	</b>penny takes the gun from her purse and lays it in her lap, tears 
	handle...slowly moving the gun...
	</b>...the crack hong kong cavaliers whip out their guns, snapping back 
	sophisticated rifle accelerator firing a steady stream of protons at a 
	curtain and seized professor hikita, pointing a revolver at the old 
	</b>let those gun belts hit the floor! and nobody follows, or the prof is 
	the pistol stuck in professor hikita's ear convincing the cavaliers to 
	alien john bigbooté at the wheel, alien john gomez riding shotgun, in 
	the cop reaches for his pistol when suddenly john bigbooté whirls and 
	...the hunters stunned, one of them reaching for a shotgun when the two 
	</b>to get my guns.
	</b>his guns?  holy shit.
	the corridor, gun drawn...
	</b>i'll shoot yours off if i had a gun, you double-dealing casanova!  i 
	guns...changes his torn and shredded jacket...penny looking at a 
	</b>you've got your six guns strapped on.  you're ridding off on another 
	shots of cavaliers in empty hallways, guns drawn, discovering evidence 
	...buckaroo firing his guns, wounding the creature, the disoriented 
	sounds in the darkness, buckaroo holding his pistol still at the ready 
	flamethrowers...sawed-off shotguns...buckaroo giving them a chalk talk, 
	...bizarre lamps swaying as gunfire upstairs prompts bigbooté to 
	oncoming arachtoid before turning the gun back on the secretary, who 
	</b>does this thing have guns, john parker?

Romance: Pearl-Harbor
-----------------------
		gun and engine sounds.
		danny are playing, one of them gunning his engine to go high,
		rafe grins and guns his plane low, in the opposite direction
	</b>			if i had guns i'd be chewing up your --
	</b>			if you had guns, you'd be pissin' on 'em.
		as danny's wheels are about to touch, he guns his engine and
		the sound of an approaching fighter plane with wing guns
		their line, machine guns blazing.
		firing his machine guns.
		and moves to help the armorers reload the guns.
		side at the lead bomber, blasting away with their guns.
		nose gunner; the bomber dips as the copilot struggles to take
		it's jammed; he pulls out his .45 pistol and blam!  blam!
				let me fire a gun.
		the deck gun barks, aimed toward the conning tower of the
		the gunners snap in another shell and fire again.  it's a
		   killing sailors with machine gun fire.
		sailors rush to man the guns, they find the ammo boxes
		sailors run up from below and are gunned down and blasted
	</b>			make sure the gunners have enough
		then dorie sees it:  an unmanned anti-aircraft gun.  he runs
		the gun already has a belt of ammo in it -- apparently loaded
		by the gunner who lies beside it with his chest shot open.
		dorie swings the business end of the gun toward the zeros
		will knock him from that gun.
		the men were sitting down to breakfast, but the machine gun
		strafing.  the zeros rake them down with machine gun fire.
		as billy gets shorter as he runs; the zero's machine gun fire
		their headaches are gone, and danny's gunning the buick down
		they look at each other on the ground.  they see machine gun
		and gunning the buick's v-8.
		handguns.  but courage does not save them...
		fires and the water they can't escape; the gun turrets' 1400
	</b>			cock-suckin' right i do!!  in the gun
		the other pilots run in, throw open the gun locker, and start
		grabbing weapons -- aircraft machine guns, ammo belts, one
		up there, as the other pilots brace the machine guns against
		hits a wall of steel fired from the combined guns; the
		red runs out with his machine gun and keeps firing even when
	</b>			anthony, red, stay with the guns!  coma,
		they gun their engines and roll through the grass on either
		he fires a short burst to see if his guns work; they do.
		blast in, wing guns blazing, chopping into two zeros.  both
		rafe hits first, machine gunning one plane, and danny comes
		the p-40's come through again, their guns spitting fire.
		rafe has a plane in his sights, but his guns fire only a
		he, red, and anthony reload the machine guns in rafe and
		rafe and danny gun their engines and head back into the air,
		coming up with a 12-gauge shotgun to fire at the zeros as
		the severed barrel of a five-inch naval gun as a bridge to
		ammunition from the ammo lockers, hand to hand up to the guns
		a marine gunnery sergeant leads men in a race through
	<b>					gunnery sergeant
	<b>					gunnery sergeant
		the gunnery sergeant and his marines run with a water-cooled
		machine gun, across the open ground, under fire.
		firemen jump out, a zero strafes them, gunning down the
		behind it, both of them gunning away.  the zero comes apart
		and though the bombs are blasting and guns booming
				volunteered for gunnery training so that
	</b>			the enterprise will ride shotgun when we
		and the army gunners load ammunition for the machine guns.
		and the army gunners load ammunition for the machine guns.
		the cruisers next to the carrier firing its guns -- at
		greening pulls the machine guns out of the rear of the planes
	</b>			broomsticks instead of tail guns.
		danny calls back to his gunner, who is watching the fuel
	<b>					gunner
		the gunner is already pouring gas into the tanks from the
		crew mount their guns and swerves them around.  the officer
		the crew dismount their guns; just a drill.
	<b>					gunner
		rafe's tail gunner sees zeros swarming in with vengeance.
	<b>					gunner
		chews into the bomber's tail, hitting the gunner.  red
		scrambles back to find the gunner dead.
		machine guns, rafe looks for a way out.  he dives down toward
		b-25's together, their machine guns down one zero and damage
		danny's engines are sputtering; his gunner pours the last
		rafe's plane settles down toward the water; he guns the
		is quickly filling.  the navigator and gunner are
		unconscious navigator and gunner.
		a bit; he tosses the pistol aside and grabs the shard again,
		brandishing their rifles at the fliers on the beach, living
		his hand slides by the pistol he tossed behind the rock.
		red, shoves him onto his face in the sand and aims his rifle

Romance: Clueless
-------------------
	and then he drove off and deserted me, and then this guy with a gun held
	at gun-point...</font></font></tt></p>

Romance: Charade
------------------
	               changes to bring into sharp relief a revolver -- shining, 
	               the finger tightens around the trigger and finally the gun 
	               he takes a gun from the inside pocket, checks it, and tucks 
	</b>                         he has a gun, mr. bartholomew -- i 
	                         gun separated scobie from his right 
	               scobie clearly holding a gun in the pocket of his raincoat.
	               dyle turns to find scobie's gun out of the pocket and pointing 
	               finding the gun dyle carries in his inside coat pocket, scobie 
	               onto the floor before handing back the emptied gun to dyle.  
	               then he will transfer his own gun back to his good hand.
	               step, scobie still facing him with a gun.
	               scobie aims the gun and starts advancing toward dyle.
	               moving quickly, dyle lashes out and hacks scobie's gun hand 
	               with the side of his palm and the gun falls to the roof.
	               both men look around for the gun, spot it simultaneously and 
	               the gun.
	               two hands, one real, one metal, inch toward the gun.
	               continues to inch forward toward the gun.
	               him, scobie lurches forward, tumbling past the gun, his 
	</b>                         then where is your gun?
	</b>                              (taking out his gun)
	               enter. she sees jean-louis and tex's gun.
	               whipping out his gun, he flings open the door.
	               including adam as he enters, his gun trained on tex. without 
	</b>                         forty-five thousand.
	               draws his gun but can't get a shot at adam, who has ducked 
	               his own gun.
	               gun ready, trying to get an angle on carson.
	               camera pans down to his gun. as his finger tightens on the 
	               adam appears, moving cautiously, gun ready. he creeps along 
	               gun ready.
	               as grandpierre and his two assistants, guns drawn, walk onto 

Romance: Wild-At-Heart
------------------------
	</b>		shoot him?  like with a gun?
			gun...  now i’m beginning to get 
			in the head with a gun.
			brains with a gun.  
			gonna hear a click from a gun b’hind
			ol’ gun here...
			back - i kiss reggie with big gun...
			oh god, reggie done got two big guns...
			ithaca shotgun with a carved pistol
			ithaca shotgun with a carved pistol
			.32 handgun with a six inch barrel.
	shotgun and points it at the two old men behind the counter.
	is by the front door holding his pistol on the two old guys.  when bobby 
	finishes tying the money bag - he lifts the shotgun and blows a hole 
	sailor turns his pistol on bobby now.  bobby spins his shotgun around 
	sailor turns his pistol on bobby now.  bobby spins his shotgun around 
	old man bringing out a big shotgun of his own.  bobby instinctively 
	spins and empties the second barrel of his two-barrel shotgun into the 
	the deputy recovers and comes up on one knee with his revolver clasped 
	hand to twist sideways to that both barrels of the shotgun wedge under 

Romance: Slumdog-Millionaire
------------------------------
	    a burst of gun-fire and white light as suddenly...
	    ...we are back in the studio, the gun-fire morphing
	</b>                  gunfighter number one, isn't
	                  gunfighter, salim.
	      salim straightens up his gun arm.
	      he wraps the cushion around the gun and pulls the
	</b>                 where did you get the gun?
	      back away, then stops. pulls the gun from behind his
	      there with the pistol pointing straight at jamal's
	      he shoves jamal hard down the corridor, the gun pointed
	</b>                   now go. or gunmaster g-9 will
	      in the doorway, holding the pistol up to jamal's head.
	       takes the gun from his waist, and throws that in too.
	       at both for a long time. finally, picks up the gun and
	      reaches across for the pistol and picks it up. smiles

Romance: Bodyguard
--------------------
	    three booming gunshots. two from one gun, one from
	    three booming gunshots. two from one gun, one from
	</b>    mid to late 30s, peers intently over a smoking gun.     he
	</b>    dead on his  feet, leans against a car. a gun drops
	         gun who is out to make her life
	he automatically checks the gun as he slips it into the
	      from nearby. he picks up his gun from the table beside
	      frank lifts his gun from the table, turns to nicki.
	</b>       a gunshot blasts nicki against the wall, her hand still
	</b>       frank is rapidly down the stairs, gun in hand.
	       hears frank approaching and points his gun in the
	       the figure peers into the fog, gun up.   he's ready,
	       raises his gun into the fog in a two-handed grip, ready
	       hear movement. frank, eyes still closed, swings his gun
	       henry stands by the bed, gun in hand.
	       bend. he empties his gun at it. we hear glass
	</b>      drifts lazily towards us out of the muzzle of a gun in
	</b>      frank draws his gun. he glances quickly to tony, but
	frank raises his gun.
	</b>      the silenced pistol taped to the side of the camera fires.
	      directions. guns are drawn. everyone is shouting. tv
	      push rachel back down. the right arm, gun in hand,
	      tony, his pistol takes aim.
	      pistol drops onto a pair of shiny, black leather pumps.
	      the gun, closes his eyes and lets his head fall onto his

Romance: Crazy,-Stupid,-Love
------------------------------
	           standing there, lovelorn and forty-five dollars richer.
	           for forty-five minutes because
	</b>           i already ordered a gun. i'm not 

Romance: Moonrise-Kingdom
---------------------------
	</b>           izod, go fetch another pint of gun-powder
	           rifle -- and disappeared. over.
	          a pellet gun slung on a strap over his shoulder and his coon-
	          motorcycle guns, and redford bursts through the trees, pops a
	           see, already at twenty-two knots.
	          flare gun, coils of rope.

Romance: Chasing-Amy
----------------------
	</b>				(off gun)
				clad, big pecs, big tits, big guns 

Romance: Rocky
----------------
			gotta gun.
			twenty losses and thirty-eight

Romance: Terminator
---------------------
	        draw their guns and race into the alley after him.
	        running smack at him is another cop, gun aimed.
	        before they even come to rest reese snatches the cop's gun,
	        riot gun, an ithaca pump model, from the dash rack and slips
	        things, guns and ammo is red block letters.
	        tight on glass countertop as an ar-180 assault rifle with
	        scope is laid beside a number of other guns: a colt k-
	        and paunchy, takes the rifle from a wall rack.  he lays it
	</b>                      the uzi 9 millimeter.
	        instead of replying, terminator takes a box of shotgun shells
	                      with the guns.  you'll have
	        shotgun.
	        he raises the barrel and pulls the trigger.  the gun thunders.
	        the riot gun.  it clatters to the ground, leaving a short
	        stump, like a pistol grip.
	        their feet as he checks the gun's action carefully.  he
	        coat is off, draped over the shotgun on the seat beside
	        against its 'torso', and huge underslung gun turrets.
	        guns and searchlights swivel.  the head turns ponderously.
	        the roof cut away to access the 50 caliber machine gun.
	        the machine gun chatters.
	        is a shotgun muzzle aimed right at us.
	        can't see the shotgun from where she's waiting.
	        the gun can now be fired.
	        vukovich drops his gun in the wastebasket, picks up a cup
	        tight on terminator as the pistol rises into frame, aligning
	        vukovich draws his colt python .357 magnum and check the
	        riot gun.
	        back on sarah, over the gun barrel, her eyes go wide.  we hold
	        medium on reese as he whips the riot-gun to a hip-firing posi-
	        on terminator, as the shotgun blast hits his arm and he fires,
	        singed by burning gunpowder.  an involuntary cry is punched
	        reese stand motionless, gun aimed.
	        in the sudden silence, the sound of him cocking the shotgun
	        then he smoothly rolls to a crouch and slips the uzi machine
	        pistol from beneath his overcoat, where it has been hang-
	        a burst from the uzi rakes the bar where he stood.
	        on terminator, kneeling amid the chaos, raising the uzi
	        angle on a running patron as a burst of 9mm fire catches
	        reese feed two shells into the riot-gun.
	        firing.  at point blank range he unloads the shotgun into
	        the officer whirls and reaches for his gun but terminator
	        reese uses the butt of the shotgun to smash loose the
	        he reaches for his shotgun.
	        reese sees the other's shotgun leveled.
	        reese is feeding his last two shells into the riot gun.
	        holding the gun is both hands he leans out the window,
	        shotgun, buffeted by the windstream.
	        past terminator, f.g., his shotgun aimed as he comes along
	        the side window, in plain sight. a phalanx of cops, guns
	                      ray guns?
	        he brandishes the ar-180 like a pistol in one hand, the
	        the shotgun dangles at his side on a shoulder sling.
	        gunfire is faint...but unmistakable.  her expression
	        a desk cop, drawing his gun, sprints for cover.
	        with the riot-gun.  flings open the door, scanning.
	        guns raised.  a cop fires from behind a desk.
	        slamming a clip into his rifle and calmly fires two rounds.
	        shotgun, rattling automatic fire, screaming, and the sound
	        gunfire sounds nearby.  they pass bodies.
	        reese snatches the gun and the keys and runs on.
	        carrying all types of weapons from lasers to shotguns.
	        stop an approaching car.  she pulls his gun hand down with
	        reese is trembling as he lowers the gun.
	        the gun slips from his fingers.
	        that she has a loaded gun in her hand, without the slightest
	        there are also boxes of shotgun shells, road flares, tape,
	        the assault rifle sprays the room, exploding the indistinct
	        reese slides the truck into an on-ramp and guns in onto the
	        handed pistol grip.
	        the short burst empties the gun.
	        glass behind her explodes with gunfire.
	        she guns the engine and roars off.
	        and the butt of a .357 revolver presses against her

Romance: Starman
------------------
	               carrying a shotgun the officer motions benny and mike to fan 
	               out on either side of him and, guns drawn, they cut across 
	               trembling, raises the gun.
	               is heard. he pumps a shell in the chamber of his shotgun and 
	               his shotgun and fires wildly at it. the figure veers off and 
	                         have two thirty calibre machine guns, 
	                         three m16's and some handguns.
	               nothing happens. with the gun ready, she turns the knob and 
	               begins to tremble and lowers the gun.
	               takes the gun from her.
	               now. the star man picks up the gun and the pouch and, speaking 
	               door. he raises the gun, examines it quickly, then with his 
	               passenger door. the gun lies on the seat next to him. they 
	               he raises the gun off his lap. jenny tries to distract him.
	               view. the star man lowers the gun and looks at jenny.
	               floor for the gun. he comes up with it and, shoving the barrel 
	               expletive in his language he points the gun in her face and 
	</b>                         could you put the gun down?
	               the star man just stares at her. she points to the gun.
	</b>                         gun... down... down.
	                         him with a gun and shouted at him in 
	                         gunpoint and from what we can make 
	                         the gun down. under the seat. under 
	               the star man stuffs the gun into the left pocket of his baggy 
	               tries the knob. with the other hand he inches the gun slightly 
	                         now!!! kidnapped is pointing a gun 
	               waits for her to calm down, then slowly takes the gun out of 
	</b>                         it's messy... the thing's got a gun... 
	</b>                         can i have the gun?
	               car slips in next to jenny. the star man grabs the gun from 
	</b>                         he's got a gun!!
	               a shotgun blast from the middle patrol car rips through the 
	                         gun but we want them alive. 
	                         you. put down your gun and come out. 
	               men in the field. he sees that their guns are drawn and 
	               takes out a staple gun and refastens the dark green plastic 
	               guns blazing, it comes straight at them.
	               machine gun knocks out the back window before he can fire.
	               the gunsights lock on the car below. the co-pilot squeezes 
	               from the cobra finds them. its machine guns begin to raise 
	               the gunsights lock in on jenny and the star man. fox's grip 

Romance: Great-Gatsby,-The
----------------------------
	                    machine gun detachment so far
	                    guns...
	          close on: a hand takes a revolver from a desk drawer...
	          a gun dangles from a hand.
	          pull focus: atop the monumental stairs, wilson, raises a gun.
	<b>          the crack of a gunshot!
	          placing his gun in his mouth wilson pulls the trigger.

Romance: Sense-and-Sensibility
--------------------------------
	               sir john and brandon are cleaning their guns in companionable 
	               brandon strides along in hunting gear, a gun slung under one 

Romance: Ugly-Truth,-The
--------------------------
	<b>                             jack magnum
	<b>                             jack magnum
	                   "i'm jack magnum and this is..."
	<b>                             jack magnum
	      as to blow the smoke off his fingertip gun.
	</b>                   oh-kay.   let's maybe lose the gun.
	<b>                              jack magnum
	</b>                   what?   the gun is my signature
	                   fucking gun.
	      jack magnum does his intro, now standing in a balloon basket.
	<b>                             jack magnum (on t.v.)
	      jack starts to do "the gun", but then he remembers and
	<b>                              jack magnum (on t.v.) (cont'd)
	      magnum continues to alienate his audience.
	<b>                             jack magnum
	      on tv -- jack magnum just makes it worse.
	<b>                             jack magnum (on t.v.)
	      at this jack magnum is tackled and pushed out of the balloon
	                   hi! i'm sorry, but jack magnum will

Romance: Lost-in-Translation
------------------------------
	               shooting a real-looking bb gun at him. orange bullets fly 
	               gun, and bob and charlotte run for it.
	<b>               bb gun chase -
	                         out with the sex pistols on kings 

Romance: Mask,-The
--------------------
	          electronic toys and minimalist gun racks.
	</b>          a gun port suddenly slams open and the wild-eyed albanian taxi 
	          appears cocking an enormous shotgun.
	</b>          a tommy gun!
	</b>          stanley/mask tosses the gun aside, intoxicated with his newfound 
	          there silhouetted like a gunfighter from a clint eastwood movie.
	          huge pistols and snaps them to a halt.
	</b>          c.u. - the shotgun blasts in the walls.
	</b>          dorian picks up an uzi from dr. freeze's equipment.
	          gunshot. it's a reasonably peaceful night in edge city.
	          control room for the robbery. dr. freeze slaps a clip in his 9mm 
	          (cocks his gun)
	</b>          freeze and company race across the street with guns drawn.
	</b>          freeze pulls his gun.
	</b>          dorian and eddy race down the steps, guns drawn. dorian calls to 
	</b>          stands at the edge of the dance floor, his smoking gun trained on 
	</b>          guns drawn.
	          meatball. the swede pulls a gun and jams it under dorian's chin.
	</b>          sweet eddy goes for his gun, but one of the swede's men pops up, 
	</b>          the other police officers draw their guns and give chase as 
	</b>          and they're all aiming serious looking guns at him.
	</b>          pedestrians with radios and ghetto blasters look down in shock as 
	          pulls out a tear gas gun and fires into the air. the sharp report 
	</b>          dorian and three of his men stand there with their guns trained 
	</b>          camera pans from his snoring mouth down to his gun as a hand 
	</b>          gun in hand, stanley silently backs away with milo at his side.
	          stanley's cell door standing open and goes for his gun... but 
	</b>          puts one hand over his eyes and slams the butt of the gun down as 
	</b>          stanley is shocked, but quickly realizes he's got the gun. he 
	</b>          stanley pockets kellaway's gun while keeping him covered with the 
	          guard's gun. he pulls the handcuffs from kellaway's belt and 
	</b>          keeping the gun jammed in kellaway's ribs, stanley folds his 
	          jacket over his gun hand. we hear it cock beneath the jacket. ka-
	</b>          stanley jams him in the ribs with that hidden gun.
	</b>          he turns to kellaway, brandishing his gun.
	</b>          the thug enters, brandishing his gun and cautiously makes his way 
	</b>          plucks the gun from the unconscious guard and sneaks into the 
	</b>          he motions them over to the kitchen and hands charlie the gun.
	</b>          stanley pops back up firing his gun. blam. blam. blam.
	</b>          dorian raises his uzi and sprays the area with gunfire! dog/mask 
	</b>          dorian raises his uzi and sprays the area with gunfire! dog/mask 
	          laughter. dorian sprays the ceiling with gunfire, but...
	          gun pointed right at them.
	</b>          dorian waves his gun at the nearest dining table. stanley starts 
	          fires but misses. stanley jumps dorian -- knocking his gun away.
	</b>          so i deck this thug, grab his gun
	</b>          let's see what caliber pistol

Romance: Crow,-The
--------------------
		gun out, hauling ass on wet pavement.  aims at the departing
		just as quick, gideon cocks and levels a magnum at skank.
		just as lightning fast, t-bird has his own gun out and jammed
		he pulls the nickel plated revolver from the satchel.  follow as
			gunslinger.
		shove-and-standoff.  the gun deal has gone bad.
		flash:  eric sucks up funboy's gunshots in the chest.  1-2-3-4.
		as the outside security gate rattles, gideon draws his magnum
		door, gun up.  before he can touch the door, the crowbar comes
		reacting to eric's weird appearance and looking for his gun.
		scans the shelves.  rows of boxed ammo.  kerosene tins.  a shotgun.  
		decision.  then he draws the shotgun from beneath the counter.
		spinning across the countertop.  eric shucks the shotgun and
		entirely.  as he exits, shotgun shouldered, he pauses to admire
		the guitar now bowslung across his back, the shotgun levelled at
		as he cuts loose with the shotgun.
		lit by flames and residual explosions.  he hurls the shotgun
		as he turns slowly, to see albrecht, out of reach, gun drawn.
		eric bows, bringing his forehead in line with the gun's muzzle.
	</b>		are you nuts, walking into a gun?
		gun.  b.g., the crow lands on a fire escape to monitor them.
		albrecht doesn't completely trust him.  up comes the gun.
		funboy giggles.  relaxes the gun, which half-disappears into the 
		funboy draws the gun from underneath the sheers.  suddenly he seems
		funboy tilts the gun off target.  grins as eric flat handedly
		gun.  eric falls, rolls back to a stance, but funboy is right on
		in a blur, eric grabs funboy`s gun hand.  twists to the 
		crunching of bones.  funboy's skewed-around gun hand blows a
		grange has seen the door ajar and now enters gun-first.  freezes
		whirling with his gun to bring it to bear on --
		shell casing from funboy's gun tied in his hair.
		albrecht startles; drops his file.  nearly draws his gun.
		he tries to spin and draw his gun but eric is upon him, nestling
	</b>		whooooa, cowboy!  cool gun.
		eric now holds t-bird's own gun on him.  eyes locked on t-bird.
			gun. you just tell me where you want
		eric cocks t_bird's pistol and levels it at his face.
		eric rifles the glove box, tossing items out the window: clips
		for the gun.  sunglasses.  a giant dildo (brief eyebrows-up to
		football field.  eric examines t-bird's auto pistol and pops the
		heaving the gun into the distant water.  plosh.  he produces t-
		top whip-drawing an auto pistol and shooting below.
		his gun smoking.  momentary empowerment.
		his gun.  lao looks questioningly to top dollar.
		eric back flips the length of the table and kicks the gun from
	<b>	close-up - skank's gun
		frame right in front of him and slaps the gun from his hand.
		just top, eric, corpses, and lazily drifting gunsmoke.
		gigantic gun, draws and cocks.
		lights on his night-scoped, laser-sighted sniper's rifle which
		swapping his tranquilizer gun for a more lethal rifle, similarly 
		a hefts a machinegun, clipped over and under.  cuts loose on
		the blown out window, the machine gun stuttering on slugs.
		gun as eric, down-pew, grabs the sword.
		angle - albrecht at window  firing now with a gun in each hand.
		resume eric and guard #4, who eats it from albrecht's gunfire,
		gun jams, he fights to get the clip.
		apart by gunfire.  hazy smoke.  two dead guys.  and eric.
		gun quickly.
		he jams the gun into the base of albrecht's neck and fires three times.

Romance: Vanilla-Sky
----------------------
	          married for twenty-two years.
	          crash. she guns the accelerator.         he is paralyzed, unable

Romance: 500-Days-of-Summer
-----------------------------
	          has tom sized up in his rifle sight.

Romance: Pretty-Woman
-----------------------
	    hotel lobby at seven forty-five

Romance: Love-and-Basketball
------------------------------
		the number twenty-two on his chest, nods to zeke standing
		forty-five now.  his slight paunch as become a roll.

Romance: High-Fidelity
------------------------
	                         playing with guns and watching violent 
	                         look for revolver and go from there.  
	                         send him forty-five bucks and blow 
	                         a used blasters album in new york 
	               it's ian.  rob reacts, gunfighter eyes.

Romance: Romeo-&-Juliet
-------------------------
	          the vehicle - then, goading him to go for his gun, screams:
	          notice her five year old aiming a toy gun toward the boys.
	</b>          lightning cut: four hands reaching for guns.
	          benvolio's gun; the engraved gun type reads:
	          benvolio's gun; the engraved gun type reads:
	</b>          'sword 9mm series s'
	          then from behind, the unmistakable sound of a gun being
	          clenched between his teeth and his gun is aimed at benvolio's
	          smacks the toy gun from the child's hand, shattering the
	</b>          a panicked benvolio falls back, accidentally his gun fires -
	</b>          close on: the barrel of tybalt's gun enters frame and
	          magnificently powerful helicopter gunship hovers above him.
	</b>          the bouncer's hand moves to his gun. romeo, ignoring him,
	</b>          he stops at the gun check, rummaging in his pocket.
	          gun." romeo finally produces a ticket. crusty the target
	</b>          crusty returns. he hands the boys their guns.
	</b>          lightening fast, mercutio draws his gun. he twirls it in an
	          impressive display of gunmanship which ends with the barrel
	          distorted features. gun aimed, he stares intently into the
	           his gun)
	          managed to draw benvolio's pistol, retrieve his own gun, and
	          eyes dart nervously, hands stray towards guns.
	</b>          close on: mercutio. he stops, eyeing the hand on the gun.
	</b>          indicating his holstered gun.
	           for his gun)
	</b>          romeo cautiously extracts his gun...
	          off, he guns his damaged machine down a one way street.
	</b>          suddenly romeo is halted by tybalt's drawn gun. fearlessly
	</b>          romeo grabs the barrel of the gun; forcing it between his
	</b>          romeo, refusing to let go of the gun, forces tybalt backward
	          gun high into the air.
	</b>          real time stretches as the gun dances high above his head.
	</b>          romeo stands calmly considering the gun in the air. a
	</b>          cut to: the spinning gun slowly falling to earth.
	</b>          cut to: the gun landing in romeo's hand. his eyes full of
	</b>          the cop fires. a bullet grazes romeo's arm - his gun drops
	           gun,
	          just see the handle of a gun.
	</b>          she pulls the gun, pointing it towards herself.
	</b>          juliet, panicked, levels the gun at him.
	          shotgun protrudes menacingly.
	</b>          balthasar cracks; he guns the engine and the car lurches
	          squeezes the rifle trigger.
	</b>          she looks to the gun in his hand.
	          the gun from romeo's hand.
	</b>          juliet turns the gun on herself.
	</b>          crack! the sound of a single gun shot rips through the night.
	          candles, the police burst in, guns ready to resolve what has

Romance: Last-Tango-in-Paris
------------------------------
	          fathers gun and is pointing it in her direction.
	          she hustles to the drawer with her fathers gun... paul is
	          jeanne stands with her back turned staring down into the gun
	<b>          ...the gun fires...

Romance: Family-Man,-The
--------------------------
	</b>			   eight forty-five on christmas
			gun back into his pants...
				   a gun pulled on him.
				   got a gun to your head and you
				   gun around for, anyway?
			big ed makes a gun gesture with his forefinger, winking 

Romance: From-Here-to-Eternity
--------------------------------
	           along. this here's a rifle outfit,
	           over... twenty-two years of age...
	           laps double-time rifle at high
	          prew running around track, his rifle at high port. he wears a
	          the men start taking their rifles apart as fast as they can.
	          prew's hands start to work over rifle parts, putting them
	<b>          close shot the rifle
	          henderson grabs the rifle from prew, turns his back to him,
	          widens to include prew. he throws the rifle at prew, who
	</b>          running around track to sun, rifle held before him. the smile
	          smashes his rifle against prew's, knocks it to the ground.
	          maggio, wielding his rifle madly, yells over.
	</b>          maggio and prew trudge wearily along the porch, rifles on
	          noncommittal. they carry their rifles into the supply room.
	           rifle man, not a spud-cutter.
	</b>           rifle man, huh? all somebody'd have
	           as a forty-five shootin downhill.
	           life in a rifle compny, eh?
	           rifle hit you between the eyes,
	          dives toward him, machine guns spitting.
	           unlock the rifle racks. every man
	           get his rifle and go to his bunk
	           if you have to use a rifle butt to
	           japs with a machine gun, milt.
	          high down the street, machine guns flaring. after it passes,
	          helpers follow with a heavy machine gun and belt boxes.
	          gun, the deep sound of bombs hitting in the far distance. and
	</b>          grinning as his plane dives, its guns roaring. his silk scarf
	          machine gun. two soldiers hang onto the bucking legs of the
	</b>          firing the machine gun. he yanks the tripod away from his
	          helpers, picks up the gun, stands and swings it after the
	           shooting gunsling, not the carrying
	           gunsling. you know that?
	          clutch thompson guns, try to scan the dark countryside.
	          gunfire from the jeep hits him. he falls sideways into the

Romance: Airplane
-------------------
	                   gun!
	          clutching a machine gun in one hand and a crying infant in
	          pretzel, holding a machine gun in one hand and crying baby
	</b>          captain geline agonizing and making bombing and machine gun
	                   and thirty-eight lives waiting on us for a
	                   half hour...maybe forty-five minutes.

Romance: 17-Again
-------------------
	                    guns n roses t-shirt. i'd never

Romance: Save-the-Last-Dance
------------------------------
	      lifts his shirt to expose a gun. patrick stares at
	      his gun. patrick looks at malakai and now he sees him.
	      cocks the gun. patrick's face flinches at the sound of
	      the sound of gunfire behind him, and then the sound like

Romance: Meet-Joe-Black
-------------------------
			your rifle company are coming?

Romance: Deception
--------------------
	</b>          used for storage, including an old, gun-metal grey filing
	          angle on the guns in their holsters. the handcuffs dangling --
	          jonathan opens his old gunmetal-gray filing cabinet, then
	</b>          jonathan spins round, wyatt's standing there with a gun. it's
	          (brandishes the gun)
	          handgun concealed by his suit.
	          concealed gun.
	          even tighter on his gun, tucked carefully at his side.
	          to struggle free - when wyatt jams the gun under his chin.
	          back, cupping a hand to his wound as he swings his gun toward

Romance: She's-Out-of-My-League
---------------------------------
	                    massive machine gun guards a play-
	                    guy's just outgunned here.
	          and without pausing stainer zaps eric with a stun gun. eric

Romance: Revolutionary-Road
-----------------------------
	</b>          on a television. elmer fudd points a gun at bugs bunny, and

Romance: Birdman
------------------
	     he holds a gun in his right hand. a neon "motel" sign is
	riggan points the gun at mike's head.
	</b>          ed. eddie. please... give me the gun.
	</b>               put down the gun, ed. she just doesn't love
	     riggan points the gun at lesley. then at mike. finally, he puts
	     the gun to his own head and pulls the trigger. pum! and with the
	     mike opens the door holding the prop gun.
	     mike points the prop gun at her, pretends to fire and...
	</b>                   (holding the gun.)
	               your gun is ridiculous. it looks like a
	     he tosses the gun onto riggan's table.
	     at the apron of the stage. annie from the wings slides the gun
	</b>               ed. eddie. please... give me the gun.
	     the empty hallway. after a few seconds, the sound of the gunshot
	     gun. we follow up to...
	     powers he opens it. he snaps the cylinder into the gun and
	     ...the hallway. he paces deliberately, gun in hand.
	     confused. his eyes narrow on the gun. there is no red plug.
	</b>               ed. eddie. please... give me the gun.
	</b>               put down the gun, ed. she just doesn't love
	tears, he aims the gun at mike.
	again, no shot. slowly, riggan raises the gun toward his own

Romance: Hall-Pass
--------------------
	</b>          forty-five minutes--sooner if you
	</b>          forty-five minutes is good.

Romance: Perks-of-Being-a-Wallflower,-The
-------------------------------------------
	      truck with patrick riding shotgun. charlie looks dazed.

Romance: So-I-Married-an-Axe-Murderer
---------------------------------------
	               a beat, draws his gun and slowly walks over to her. just as 
	               tony breaks into the room with his gun drawn.

Romance: Jerry-Maguire
------------------------
	              for the gunman. everywhere he looks is a potential grassy
	                        snipes with guns the size of our

Romance: Date-Night
---------------------
	          out a gun and a handful of bullets. he loads the gun as
	          out a gun and a handful of bullets. he loads the gun as
	          clicking the loaded gun, frank and harry both come toward
	          frank clicks the loaded gun at phil's knee.
	          carries clara's purse, harry holding a gun as he follows
	          grabbing his face and dropping his gun. clara makes a
	          whimpering in pain. she spins and points the gun at
	</b>          drop the gun and the keys.
	          grabs the gun and keys, then awkwardly hits harry as hard
	          gun.
	          suddenly, gunshots ring out over the phone.
	          of taking a large gun out of his shoulder holster and
	          holbrook. makes a big show of putting his gun back
	          he makes a big show of putting his gun back in his
	          holbrooke reaches into his holster to whip out his gun...
	          holding the gun to holbrooke's head.
	</b>          holbrooke has a gun? why does he even
	          â€¢ have a gun?
	          down the hallway after them, guns trained.
	          entrance. he aims the gun and fires, missing badly.
	          the gun from phil and shoots, nailing the lock.
	          my gun! i dropped it in front of
	</b>          let me have the gun.
	          suddenly, the door slams behind them and ray holds a gun
	</b>          you know, that's like the 5th gun i've
	          as harry kicks the gun away from ray, moaning on the
	          the car. all three spin to see frank aiming his gun and
	<b>          put it in reverse and gun it, clara!
	          reverse, and guns it. at the same moment, phil steps on
	          stepping on clara's foot to gun it.
	          phil and clara start to run, when a gunshot hits the
	          they look over to see manning training a gun as he and
	          gun.
	          frank and harry reach for their guns, but manning turns
	          his gun on them.
	          stockton angrily pulls his own the gun out of his jacket
	          p_if son, brandi= --.g his gun and looking like the fbi

Romance: Man-Trouble
----------------------
	                  weapon of any kind, be it a gun, a
	</b>      joan rifles through the drawers of a small escritoire

Romance: Cruel-Intentions
---------------------------
	     bang! a shotgun sounds in the distance.
	     sebastian stands holding a shotgun. a groundskeeper,
	     he fires the gun, missing the target.
	     he raises his rifle and takes aim.
	     he lowers his rifle and turns to see aunt helen and
	     sebastian closes his window and sets down a bb rifle with
	     compartment and rifles through some cassettes. she takes

Romance: Even-Cowgirls-Get-the-Blues
--------------------------------------
	               and out near a corral, to the sound of gunfire.
	<b>               a distant coyote howls, and a few scattered gunshots are 
	               she holsters her gun and blows sissy a kiss, then is gone 
	               on can be heard. horses whinney in the corral. a few gunshots 
	               her heart sinks when she sees his gun and his knife. he is 
	               his finger fumbles for the gun trigger, but before he gets 
	               reinforced by a dozen fbi agents with loaded guns taking 
	               her six guns and fires them in the air. heather twirls and 
	                         though. all these guns... are you 
	                         destroy it with guns. or whips. 
	               sixguns.
	               through the scope of an fbi rifle, jelly is drawing her gun 
	               the six-gun slips from her fingers.
	               the top of the coffin are engraved two crossed gold sixguns. 

Romance: Sleepless-in-Seattle
-------------------------------
			    used up this magnum of 

Romance: Cinema-Paradiso
--------------------------
		whisper mangles fragments of dialogue, the shooting of guns, the
		the wall, figures of prairies, gunslingers, thugs. salvatore's
	</b>	a gangster film. the tense faces of the audience. a gun battle. rounds of 
		machine-gunfire in the night. the shots echo through the theatre. a little boy 
		claps his hands over his ears. alternating with the machine-gunfire on screen, a 
		real pistol shoots the back of one of the spectators, the landowner don 
	</b>	salvatore's hands rifle through a phone directory. he is in the cafe, on the 

Romance: Titanic
------------------
	lightoller pulls out his webley revolver and aims it at them.
	pistol open. letting out a long breath, he starts to load it.
	cal, looking down from the rail hears gunshots--
	fifth officer lowe, in boat 14 is firing his gun as a warning to a bunch of
	pistol in his hand at this point. twenty feet below them the sea is pouring
	on him, but cal whips around, grabbing the pistol from lovejoy's waistband
	them he raises the gun. screaming in rage, he fires.
	sprawling. the gun clatters across the marble floor. he gets up, and
	he hands lovejoy the pistol and goes back up the stairs. lovejoy thinks
	lovejoy spins, seeing her. he moves rapidly toward her, keeping the gun
	lovejoy gets up and looks around for his gun. he pulls it up out of the
	brandishes his gun, waving it in the air, yelling for the crowd to stay
	murdoch pushes him back, pointing the pistol at cal.
	murdoch turns to his men and salutes smartly. then he puts the pistol to
	mcelroy nods curtly and pushes him into the boat. he spins with his gun,
	his millions. the crash of 28 hit his interests hard, and he put a pistol

Romance: It-Happened-One-Night
--------------------------------
	                         machine guns in my suitcase. i'll let 

Romance: Twilight-New-Moon
----------------------------
	guy #2 doesn't hear her, guns the engine, going faster --            
	bella drives along the la push cliffs. jacob rides shotgun.
	              tranq guns, large caliber shotguns --
	              tranq guns, large caliber shotguns --
	in on her. as charlie hangs up, goes to his gun cabinet --        
	close on a rifle as it locks and loads. include charlie,
	harry can raise his shotgun --
	victoria's standing next to him, whipping the gun out of his      

Romance: Proposal,-The
------------------------
	          (tom cruise ala top gun)
	</b>          no top gun.   please.
	</b>          what?   you loved my top gun.
	</b>          no.   you loved your top gun.   i just smiled
	          tell the gunshot victim who is bleeding to
	          behind him, the handsome man holds a stun gun and a badge.

Romance: Visitor,-The
-----------------------
	          attractive forty-five year-old arab woman. she seems startled

Romance: 10-Things-I-Hate-About-You
-------------------------------------
	</b>          he grabs the mail and rifles through it, as he bends down to 
	                    forty-five and you don't have it.
	</b>          she stops and picks up a toy gun that shoots water at 
	</b>          she tries to shoot him again, only to find that her gun is 

Romance: Kate-&-Leopold
-------------------------
	               the tv over the bar, bob dole is speaking out against gun 
	                         gun registered and i'll show you a 
	                         man who should not own a gun. what 

Romance: Annie-Hall
---------------------
			gal gun-shy is what it is.

Romance: Extract
------------------
	</b>          rory is putting stickers on boxes with a sticker gun. he
	          flips the sticker gun around unnecessarily between each
	          with bushy grey hair and a mustache, he has a badge and a gun

Romance: Ninotchka
--------------------
	</b>                         bring me forty-five back.
	                         knouts. they had such reliable guns.
	                         million boots! thousands of gun-
	                         and guns were roaring over the red 

Romance: True-Lies
--------------------
	          rifles slung across his back.
	          light hits him.  a 7.62 mm machine gun in the chopper rips the   *
	          all he can see are lights and gunfire.
	          his heavy boots.  he has lost the rifle somewhere in the snow.
	          machine gun to faisil and reaches up to harry, who grabs his     *
	                    you're outgunned, amigo.
	</b>                    she could be moving money, guns.
	          harry spins lightning fast.  he knocks away the silenced pistol
	          spins him against the steel stalls.  the silenced pistol goes
	          mahmoud whips a pistol out of his waistband.  still holding the
	          bear-like yusif, harry draws his glock so fast we can barely
	          yusif, who is easily harry's size, bellows and grabs his gun
	          arm.  they smash against the walls, struggling for the gun.
	          yusif slams harry's gun hand repeatedly against the doorframe
	          that's got to hurt.  harry cries out in pain and the gun drops.
	          gib is running full out, drawing his gun.  he has one finger
	          body stops the spray of 9mm slugs form hitting harry long
	          just when it looks like gib is going to get a 9mm tummy tuck,
	          he drops the pistol and crouches over the bike, twisting the
	          one hand, his glock in the other.  it's the wild west.
	          harry charging along behind him.  malik guns it across the
	          guns it and slides through the doors.
	          out, with his glock poised and ready.  he sees malik revving     *
	          over, holding onto a piece of pipe with one hand.  his glock
	          pistols and flashlights.
	                    if i ever even saw a gun i'd--
	          harry whips his pistol out in one liquid motion and snaps the
	          away from the edge, then gestures with his gun.
	          workers from juno's shop.  they are wielding pistols and are
	          a pistol muzzle is jammed hard behind helen's ear.
	          activities.  many of them carry ak47 assault rifles.
	                    and take his gun.
	          guard's 9mm pistol and staggers over to her.
	          guard's 9mm pistol and staggers over to her.
	          running around the corner, open fire with ak47s just as harry
	          the shadows and grabs one from behind.  he wrests his rifle      *
	          ripped, he is scratched and bleeding, holding an assault rifle   *
	          weapons, including machine guns and several hand-launched
	          him.  snap.  harry catches the guard's mac-10 machine pistol
	          the terrorists echo and chant and then cheer, firing their guns
	          with guns raised.
	          gun
	          a pistol enters frame.  its muzzle taps the back of her head.
	          face darkens with fury and she points the gun at helen's face,   *
	          amid the fire and smoke, he sees juno walking helen at gun
	          juno has a 9mm pistol aimed at helen.  she opens the sunroof,
	          juno has a 9mm pistol aimed at helen.  she opens the sunroof,
	                    light machine guns.
	          grabbing the gun.  juno fires wildly as they struggle for
	          sunroof and the pistol goes flying out.
	          for the stairwell to the roof.  he pulls a pistol and shoots at
	          malik keeps his pistol aimed at her chest.
	          she will not drop the key as long as he has the gun.  it is a
	          picking up m-60 machine guns.
	          sets his gun down on the girder.  he grabs for her wrist.
	          pistol on the beam.  back at the girl, the key in her teeth--
	          malik shrieks in rage.  he grabs his 9mm pistol and leaps off
	          malik shrieks in rage.  he grabs his 9mm pistol and leaps off
	          them-- the door-gunner opens fire.
	          the helicopter appears around the corner, guns blazing in the

Romance: Saint,-The
---------------------
	templar produces a dartgun (the size of a flare gun, silenced, with a spool 
	templar produces a dartgun (the size of a flare gun, silenced, with a spool 
	</p><p><p id="act">templar faces ilya. ilya has a silenced handgun.  
	ilya raises the handgun at templar's head. smiles.  
	ilya's ankles. his legs fly from under him and he goes down, the gun 
	gains his feet and grabs his gun; sprints after templar.  
	templar reaches over his shoulder. pulls a gun from his backpack. to return 
	fire? no, it's the dart gun.  
	templar aims the dart gun out the aperture he cut in the window and fires.  
	</p><p><p id="act">macduff lifts templar's 9mm pistol from the bag.  
	</p><p><p id="act">macduff lifts templar's 9mm pistol from the bag.  
	<p id="dia">suppose there's a high-powered rifle 
	mack now, and yes, he has a 30.6 scoped rifle trained at tretiak's head.  
	unpocketing his 9mm pistol. he checks the doorknob, turning it. it's open. ...  
	</p><p><p id="act">-- someone is behind the refrigerator, holding a silenced gun in a blackgloved 
	and under that. . . .. a nintendo game. little spaceships are flying around chasing other little spaceships!  templar stares at it, stunned: what he sent the russians is essentially worthless. templar shuts off the monitor. the screen blackens. the black screen reflects light. it reflects a person coming down the stairs. a person with a gun...  
	templar stands up, his 9mm leveled at the woman.  
	the woman's gun is leveled at templar. - 
	</p><p><p id="act">the tension boils. templar was right: her hand flashes to the gun, ejecting the spent clip. she tries to ram in a fresh clip but she's not fast enough...  
	</p><p><p id="act">templar's across the room in half a second. he presses his gun to her 
	<p id="spkdir">(she nods; he lowers his gun) 
	in one shocking, effortless motion, he places a silenced handgun to the young 
	passenger side. ilya gets in back next to jillian, pressing the handgun into her ribs. the cruiser roars off into st. petersburg traffic.  
	</p><p><p id="act">the police cruiser moving through traffic.  templar guns the motorcycle. the engine whines. he races ahead, 
	</p><p><p id="act">in the back, ilya is groggy, semi-conscious. jillian is reeling also; there's a gash on her forehead.  the back passenger door jerks open. templar lunges inside.  ilya raises his gun but he's weak, disoriented. templar yanks it from his hand and pistol whips him.  this has all happened so fast.  jillian looks at ilya then at templar...  
	</p><p><p id="act">in the back, ilya is groggy, semi-conscious. jillian is reeling also; there's a gash on her forehead.  the back passenger door jerks open. templar lunges inside.  ilya raises his gun but he's weak, disoriented. templar yanks it from his hand and pistol whips him.  this has all happened so fast.  jillian looks at ilya then at templar...  
	<p id="dia">put your guns down.  
	</p><p><p id="act">templar moves off quickly, drawing his gun. as tretiak's men move in for the 
	templar falls in behind them, whipping the barrel of his gun over one, then 
	</p><p><p id="act">templar pulls out his 9mm pistol.  
	</p><p><p id="act">jillian stares at the gun.  
	</p><p><p id="act">templar clicks off the phone and pockets it. then he pockets the gun, its 
	whitehead pulls his gun from his shoulder holster and aims across jillian's 
	</p><p><p id="act">templar guns the sedan through a red light. cars to the left and right 
	</p><p><p id="act">templar guns the accelerator.  
	the sedan, drawing guns. the pedestrians back off, getting the hell out of the 
	</p><p><p id="act">whitehead and his men surround the car. they kneel, guns trained 
	</p><p><p id="act">jillian comes up, followed by templar, his gun in hand.  
	</p><p><p id="act">templar lowers his gun. he lowers the blade to her wrists and cuts the belt.  
	<p id="spkdir">(draws his gun) 
	</p><p><p id="act">he takes a deep breath and logrolls out.  above the van - templar gets to his feet in the street, gun drawn. he 
	surrounded by tretiak's men behind the overturned automobile.  ilya, fuming, walks across the street to templar.  at the overturned car - ilya walks up to templar. with the calm efficiency of a hangman, ilya puts his hand on templar's shoulder and forces him down, down to his knees. he sticks his gun to templar's head.  
	</p><p><p id="act">templar guns the van through moscow streets. he pulls out his cellular 
	</p><p><p id="act">templar guns the van straight for -- 
	karpov! in the b.g., we see more rioting. gunfire crackling. an overturned 
	ilya rifles through the tapes.  
	</p><p><p id="act">ilya (remember, he is dressed as a naval m.p.) has his gun leveled on templar.  ilya steps past templar.  lifts the tape from the drawer 
	gun across the sergeant's head, who collapses onto harry. harry drags him 
	</p><p><p id="act">and tretiak draws his gun. as does ilya. zubov and dr. singh stare at the 
	guns.  
	then tretiak wheels on ilya, his gun coming up. yes, so much for honor 
	because ilya has his gun leveled on tretiak.  
	</p><p><p id="act">templar stands across the lab, gun in hand.  
	chemicals teeters over, falling on templar, knocking the gun from his 
	templar grabs for his gun, lying in a puddle of carbolic acid. he grabs the 
	gun; the acid burns his flesh. he drops it and races for the stairs.  
	tretiak's men fire assault rifles from the windows.  

Romance: Hudsucker-Proxy,-The
-------------------------------
	</b>                         forty-five --
	                         just leapt forty-five floors --

Romance: Artist,-The
----------------------
	    his gun and goes out onto the air field, only to find the
	     gun with his fingers, but she does not fall down, merely
	      and takes out a pistol that he places on the table in front of
	      (120) george puts the pistol into his mouth. jack is barking
	      george is in the same position. he still has the pistol in
	      he takes the pistol out of his mouth and looks out the
	      at george. george awkwardly tries to hide the pistol behind
	      still holding the pistol and the gun fires itself.
	      still holding the pistol and the gun fires itself.

Romance: His-Girl-Friday
--------------------------
	                         he fired that gun?
	                         works his way up to twenty-two fifty. 
	                         what's the purpose of a gun, earl?
	</b>                         a gun?
	</b>                         sure. you see, i'd never had a gun 
	                         what's a gun for? to shoot! so i 
	                         i have your gun, please, sheriff?
	               hartman starts to take gun out, hesitates.
	               hartman hands him the gun.
	               egelhoffer hands the gun to williams and then backs up a few 
	                         you point your gun at me.
	                         point the gun at me!
	</b>                         get the riot guns! spread out, you 
	               is another rifle volley. two windowpanes crash into the room. 
	                         get that gun?
	                         gun, but i think mollie malloy 
	               hartman groans. there is a sound of machine-gun firing in 
	                         gun?
	               as hildy shrugs, there is another flurry of machine-gun fire. 
	                         story on how williams got the gun 
	                         professor had to have a gun to re-
	                         up. the sheriff gave his gun to the 
	                         sheriff hartman's special rifle squad 
	                         was born the rifle squad examined 
	                         gun?
	</b>                              (pointing gun at her)
	                         put down that gun, earl.
	               he advances steadily toward hildy, the gun aimed at her.
	               he points the gun at hildy, pulls the trigger and we hear a 
	               he drops the gun and clutches at the edge of the desk for 
	               camera follows her as she retrieves the gun and jams it in 
	                         gun.
	                         how williams got that gun.
	                         did you smuggle that gun into 
	</b>                         say, me with a gun on my hip and a 
	               her purse. it lands with a clank and comes open. a gun is 
	</b>                         hey, she's got a gun! look out, she's 
	                         got a gun!
	               she tosses the gun to walter, but one of the deputies 
	               he takes the gun from the deputy.
	               the sheriff stands frozen, staring at the gun.
	</b>                         i've got a right to carry a gun if i 
	</b>                         not this gun!
	                         dangerous and i gave her a gun to 
	                         gun that earl williams shot his way 
	</b>                         get your guns out!
	               the policemen and deputies get out their guns.
	                         his gun.
	                              with his gun toward 
	                         gun!
	               the sheriff draws his men in around the desk, their guns 
	               him, jabbing his gun into him.
	                         cops but his gun wouldn't work, so --
	                         a gunman to kidnap me!
	                              gun in her ribs)
	</b>                         i'll be doggoned! a shotgun marriage!
	</b>                         don't they usually keep the gun on 
	</b>                         what would you do with a gun in your 

Romance: Passengers
---------------------
	                    forty-five minutes. join them in
	                    hundred and thirty-eight cocktails.
	</b>          jim pilots the cart through the stacks. aurora rides shotgun.
	</b>                    son of a gun.
	          racks. aurora rides shotgun, reading an electronic map.

Romance: Runaway-Bride
------------------------
	</b>    she swallowed her gun.
	    squirt gun filled with india ink.

Romance: Twilight
-------------------
	</b>          he cocks the rifle in mock-seriousness.

Romance: Burning-Annie
------------------------
	           a shitbox pulls up. sam drives, max rides shotgun. scott and
	</b>           happiness is a warm gun.

Romance: Edward-Scissorhands
------------------------------
				(gunshots)

Romance: Shakespeare-in-Love
------------------------------
	       but burbage has flintlock pistol stuck into his sash. 
	       burbage draws and the pistol roars, shooting flame, 
	       burbage puts the pistol back into his sash. ned alleyn is 

Romance: Graduate,-The
------------------------
		he holds a spear gun in his hand.
		sounds: cars gunning their engines; horns honking;
			shotgun.

Romance: Groundhog-Day
------------------------
	           blue coat, hat, gun, nightstick,
	          phil appears, wielding a shotgun, wearing a batman style cape,
	           guns j!
	          with real six-guns on his hips. a very trashy-looking girl,
	          rifle out from under his coat and sneaks up to the burrow. he
	          the deck. he lifts his rifle and aims it.
	          phil's gun droops. the woman begins to walk off, then stops.
	          overcoat and pulls out a pump shotgun with a short pistol grip.
	          overcoat and pulls out a pump shotgun with a short pistol grip.
	          the children's librarian sees the gun and freezes.
	          philsqueezes the trigger. loud gunshot.
	          rifle butt. he can't even chip it. suddenly he is seized from
	          behind by two strong men who take the rifle from him and
	          they jump into a car, buster guns the engine and takes off
	          cars with guns and rifles trained on the doors.
	          cars with guns and rifles trained on the doors.
	          the teeth with an assault rifle in one hand, an uzi in the
	          the teeth with an assault rifle in one hand, an uzi in the
	          other and a couple of handguns stuck in his belt. he doesn't
	          gunfire.

Romance: Barry-Lyndon
-----------------------
	a pair of pistols hang on each side of the picture.
	gunpowder.
	</b>	oh, it's with pistols we fight.  you
	at "three" both pistols go off.  best gives a most
		good pistols that have already done
	roderick learning the soldierly arts, musket drill, manual
	he takes two pistols out of his pockets, fires one off,
	with musket and bayonet to aid their captain.
	hear a pistol shot.  he exits rapidly, the smoking pistol
	hear a pistol shot.  he exits rapidly, the smoking pistol

Romance: English-Patient,-The
-------------------------------
	anti-aircraft gun swivels furiously.
	shocking bursts of gunfire.  explosions rock the plane, which lurches 
	one of them holds his rifle aloft, clearly pointing towards the sky - 
	noise.  she's very frightened.  she has her pistol under her pillow and 
	partisan sits in the back, a shotgun resting on his knees.  the truck 
	the window.  kamal, riding shotgun, leans down and collects it, his 
	the front line sporadic gun fire, light and heavy, sounds throughout.  
	hana plays.  gun shots punctuates the music.  she's totally engrossed 
	revolver held aloft.  he approaches the door, his face creased with 
			gun zamzammah on her brick... what is it?
	of the building, shouting, rifles ready.  an officer arrives and stops 
	yellow gusts of smoke and the rat-ta-tat-tat of machine gun fire 
	his jacket.  a pistol is stuck in his waistband.  the patient sees it.
	towards the town.  a corporal with a rifle in his hands appears.
	the corporal's rifle across his head, knocking him to the ground.
	behind a young private who sits on a packing case, with a rifle across 
	</b>		that gun at lahor, kipling's cannon -
			out of guns.
	gun at him.  caravaggio is taken by surprise.
	kip sings the rifle at him, knocking him to the floor.
	kip levels the gun at the patient.  then breaks it open, throws it down 
	waiting with him.  the partisan with his head bandana and shotgun 
	the sound of gun fire...

Romance: Remember-Me
----------------------
	    gun.
	</b>    a forearm and gun extend out of that last subway car ...
	</b>             twenty-two years.
	gun.
	     together. his gun visible at his waistband.

Romance: Broken-Embraces
--------------------------
	          9mm pistol. she grabs it and tries its weight, the mother sees her

Romance: My-Girl
------------------
	</b><b>        thomas j, how to use it as a water gun
	                have you got? a water gun.
	</b><b>        their water guns at each other and yelling at each other, 

Romance: Jane-Eyre
--------------------
	           a gun to my head to kill myself.

Romance: Bodies,-Rest-&-Motion
--------------------------------
	               breaks the embrace and points a gun at the actor.

Romance: Out-of-Sight
-----------------------
	</b>                 that's my partner.  he has a gun in
	     foley then stiffens as a cop sticks his gun through the open
	     now has his gun pointing at him.
	     she pulls a gleaming automatic pistol from the box...
	</b>                 thanks for the gun, dad.
	     the two cons as we then hear the sound of rifle reports before
	     but then she throws the pistol in the trunk, ducks in there
	     again and comes out this time racking a shotgun.
	     raise the shotgun as we hear a whistle blow in the compound.
	     as karen puts the shotgun on two more cons, both filthy dirty,
	     now buddy watches as karen puts her pump gun on them, but doesn't
	     the hacks running from the gate with rifles beat her to it,
	     shotgun on buddy.  buddy raises the palm of his hand.
	     shotgun before foley wrenches it from her grip.
	     past the dark gun tower and cross the road towards the orange
	     grove.  a moment later, they hear bursts of gunfire, then silence.
	                 do for a living you pack a shotgun?
	     gun in his face.  buddy reaches for the trunk lid and then
	</b>                 where's your gun, your pistol?
	     he runs his hand down her thigh, looking for her gun, but also,
	     as buddy rifles through karen's bag while he drives.  he looks up
	</b>                 get the shotgun.  and her purse.  i'd
	     foley jumps at the sound of a pistol shot.
	     he looks up to see buddy holding her shotgun, staring at him.
	                 gun out.  okay?  you shoot -- buddy's
	                 got your shotgun, says he'll shoot
	     and racks the pump on the shotgun.  foley leans close to the
	     he lays the shotgun in the grass and comes up, takes the guard
	</b>                 do we have a gun in the car?
	</b>                 cause she had her hand on her gun the
	     into frame, watches as he disappears down the stairs.  gun drawn,
	     she racks the slide on her gun, snicks off the safety and starts
	     the one holding the gun.
	                 him.  they're unarmed, you had a shotgun
	                 have a gun, but you let him get away,
	</b>                 and your gun.
	                 husband's gun, a twenty-two pistol,
	                 husband's gun, a twenty-two pistol,
	     the hobo camp.  we catch a glimpse of ray nicolet, gun in his
	</b>                 you at least bring the gun?
	     as a car door opens and karen sisco gets out, rifles her purse
	                 arrest.  put the gun on the table.  i
	     he now aims the gun point-blank at adele.
	     chino doesn't move.  keeps his gun on adele.  karen starts
	     and she hits him on the side of the head with her gun...
	     man raises the shotgun, a three-inch strip of metal taped to
	</b>                 i got a shock-lock round in my shotgun
	     the guy with the shotgun puts the strip of metal against the
	     seam, where the lock enters the frame, the muzzle of the shotgun
	     hack saw and a hand axe up to white boy bob, a sawed-off shotgun
	                 walk in a bank with a gun, stick it
	</b>                 i don't know.  i never used a gun.
	</b>                 twenty-two months, three days, two
	     man on his back, head down the stairs, shotgun blast to the
	</b>                 forty-five minutes.
	</b>                 they put a gun on you, you'll go back.
	</b>                 they put a gun on you, you still have
	     maurice is out of the truck and kenneth, with a shotgun, is
	     to blast the safe with the shotgun and pistol.
	     they all turn to look at her, guns still pointing at the safe.
	     buddy hands him his gun.  foley takes it, stuffs it in the back
	     maurice and white boy bob both have their guns to ripley's head.
	     karen comes through the door, hears the gunshot, stops cold.
	     bare, both sitting up in bed, kenneth racking the shotgun, the
	     shotgun goes off and the covers catch fire as foley pumps one
	     across the face with his gun.  he and white boy bob then both
	</b>                 drop the gun.
	     to break his fall with the elbow of his gun hand and ends up
	     jamming his chin down onto the muzzle of his gun which,
	     foley bends down to pick up his gun and we see maurice coming
	     up the back staircase, his gun raised, and now firing away...
	     as karen hugs the wall at the sound of gunshots, sees ripley
	     down, picks up his gun, maurice still walking forward...
	</b>                 jack, you don't use a gun, do you?
	     their spent guns as bludgeons.
	     searching for the shotgun (lifting the covers, turning over
	     as maurice attempts to prise the gun out from under the dead bulk
	     but more importantly, clutching the shotgun.  foley crosses and
	     as maurice finally rolls white boy bob over, grabs the gun...
	     a shell, loads the gun, snaps it shut...
	     maurice spins around, points his gun down at karen, now standing
	     in the foyer, her own gun pointing up at him...
	     as jack, about to exit, stops cold as he hears two gunshots,
	     over his face.  he holds kenneth's shotgun in one hand and his
	     pistol in another.
	     foley brings up the pistol and the shotgun.  and now we hear
	     foley brings up the pistol and the shotgun.  and now we hear
	                 guns down.
	     he raises the guns hip-high and we hear sounds behind karen,
	     he raises the guns.  she sadly shakes her head.
	     she fires and he falls to the staircase, dropping the guns,

Romance: True-Romance
-----------------------
	</p><p><p id="act">the sounds of the city flow in through an open window: car horns, gun shots and violence. paint is peeling off the walls and the once green carpet is stained black.
	</p><p><p id="act">on the bed nearby is a huge open suitcase filled with clear plastic bags of cocaine. shotguns and pistols have been dropped carelessly around the suitcase. on the far end of the room, against the wall, is a tv. "bewitched" is playing.
	</p><p><p id="act">on the bed nearby is a huge open suitcase filled with clear plastic bags of cocaine. shotguns and pistols have been dropped carelessly around the suitcase. on the far end of the room, against the wall, is a tv. "bewitched" is playing.
	toss me that shotgun.
	</p><p><p id="act">without turning away from "bewitched" he picks up the shotgun and tosses it to drexl.
	<p id="spkdir">(referring to shotgun)
	</p><p><p id="act">then, in a blink, he points the shotgun at floyd and blows him away.
	</p><p><p id="act">he steps inside the doorway and then, before he knows it, a gun is pressed to his temple and a big hand grabs his shoulder.
	</p><p><p id="speaker">gun carrier (dario)
	<p id="dia">"return of the streetfighter". it's been on about forty-five minutes.
	she carried a sawed-off shotgun in her purse, a black belt around her 
	caught at the scene with the smokin' gun in your hand, you got away with 
	</p><p><p id="act">clarence points the gun at the remaining hooker.
	</p><p><p id="act">closeup - the bullet comes out of the gun and heads right toward us. when it reaches us, the screen goes awash in red.
	</p><p><p id="act">she steps in only to find virgil sitting on a chair placed in front of the door with a sawed-off shotgun aimed right at her.
	</p><p><p id="act">she does. he puts the shotgun down on the chair, then steps closer to her.
	</p><p><p id="act">her eyes go straight to the door, then to the sawed-off shotgun by it. she runs to it, bends over the chair for the gun. virgil's left foot kicks her in the back, sending her flying over the chair and smashing into the door.
	</p><p><p id="act">her eyes go straight to the door, then to the sawed-off shotgun by it. she runs to it, bends over the chair for the gun. virgil's left foot kicks her in the back, sending her flying over the chair and smashing into the door.
	</p><p><p id="act">alabama goes to the medicine cabinet and whips out a big can of final net hairspray. she pulls a bic lighter out of her pocket, and, just as virgil raises his gun at her, she flicks the bic and sends a stream of hairspray through the flame, which results in a big ball of fire that hits virgil right in the face.
	</p><p><p id="act">he reaches the shotgun, his hands grasp it.
	</p><p><p id="act">he arches up, firing the sawed-off into the ceiling, dropping the gun, and sending a cloud of plaster and stucco all over the room.
	</p><p><p id="act">alabama snatches the shotgun.
	</p><p><p id="act">alabama then runs at him, hitting him in the head with the butt of the shotgun.
	</p><p><p id="act">clarence, who's been hearing gunshots, bursts through the door, gun drawn, only to see alabama, hitting a dead guy on the head, with a shotgun.
	</p><p><p id="act">clarence, who's been hearing gunshots, bursts through the door, gun drawn, only to see alabama, hitting a dead guy on the head, with a shotgun.
	</p><p><p id="act">clarence, who's been hearing gunshots, bursts through the door, gun drawn, only to see alabama, hitting a dead guy on the head, with a shotgun.
	</p><p><p id="act">she continues. he puts his gun away.
	</p><p><p id="act">she continues. he takes the gun away from her, and she falls to the ground. she lies on the floor trembling, continuing with the downward swings of her arms.
	</p><p><p id="act">clarence grabs the shotgun and the cocaine, and tosses alabama over his shoulder.
	</p><p><p id="act">lenny can be seen putting a shotgun together. he is sitting on a bed.
	</p><p><p id="act">dario enters the frame with his own shotgun. he goes over to lenny and gives him some shells.
	</p><p><p id="act">marvin walks through the frame cocking his own shotgun.
	week has taught me, it's better to have a gun and not to need it than to  
	need a gun and not to have it.
	</p><p><p id="act">with the .38 up against elliot's head clarence puts his palm over the top of the gun to shield himself from the splatter. alabama and dick can't believe what he's gonna do.
	</p><p><p id="act">clarence puts down the gun and hugs elliot.
	</p><p><p id="act">the door opens and reveals an extremely muscular guy with an uzi strapped to his shoulder standing in the doorway, his name is monty.
	you want, i'll put the gun on the table.
	<p id="dia">oh, and your line to charles atlas in there: "i'll take that gun", "you'll  
	</p><p><p id="act">sudenly, nicholson, dimes and the four detectives break into the room with guns drawn.
	<p id="dia">you two! put the guns on the floor and back away.
	<p id="dia">fuck you! all you pigs put your guns on the floor and back away.
	<p id="dia">this is your last warning! drop those fuckin' guns!
	</p><p><p id="act">the four wise-guys burst through the door, shotguns drawn, except for frankie, who has two .45 automatics, one in each hand.
	</p><p><p id="act">this is a mexican stand-off if there ever was one. gangsters on one end with shotguns. bodyguards with machine guns on the other. and cops with handguns in the middle.
	</p><p><p id="act">this is a mexican stand-off if there ever was one. gangsters on one end with shotguns. bodyguards with machine guns on the other. and cops with handguns in the middle.
	</p><p><p id="act">this is a mexican stand-off if there ever was one. gangsters on one end with shotguns. bodyguards with machine guns on the other. and cops with handguns in the middle.
	</p><p><p id="act">marvin fires his shotgun, hits nicholson in the back, nicholson's body jerks back and forth then on the floor.
	</p><p><p id="act">frankie takes an uzi hit. he goes down firing both automatics.
	</p><p><p id="act">marvin brings his sawed-off from behind the sofa and fires. the shotgun blast hits the glass table and monty. monty stands up screaming.
	</p><p><p id="act">gunfight
	</p><p><p id="act">he fires his shotgun, hitting two, just before the others chop him to ribbons.
	<p id="spkdir">(aiming gun)
	</p><p><p id="act">he does. then, from off screen, a shotgun blast tears into the ia officer, sending him to the wall.
	</p><p><p id="act">dimes discards his handgun and pulls one of the sawed-off shotguns from the grip of a dead wise-guy.
	</p><p><p id="act">dimes discards his handgun and pulls one of the sawed-off shotguns from the grip of a dead wise-guy.
	<p id="dia">throw out your gun, asshole!
	<p id="dia">ok, black jacket! it's two against one now! toss the gun and lie face down  
	</p><p><p id="act">the shotgun's tossed out from behind the sofa.
	</p><p><p id="act">shotgun in hand, lenny moves hurriedly down the lobby.
	</p><p><p id="act">dimes on the phone talking with the department. boris is still moving on the floor. marvin is sitting on the couch with his hands cuffed behind his back. alabama is crying over clarence, then she feels something in his jacket. she reaches in and pulls out his .38. she wipes her eyes. she holds the gun in her hand and remembers clarence saying:
	she carried a sawed-off shotgun in her purse, a black belt around her  
	</p><p><p id="act">alabama steps out of the bathroom, gun in hand.
	</p><p><p id="act">dimes, still on the phone, spins around in time to see her raise her gun. she fires. he's hit in the head and flung to the floor.
	</p><p><p id="act">she tosses the gun aside, opens up the trunk, and takes out the briefcase. she looks around for, and finally finds, the "sgt. fury" comic book clarence bought her.

Romance: Majestic,-The-(The-Bijou)
------------------------------------
	flashbulbs fire like machine guns.  doyle bangs his gavel

Romance: Youth-in-Revolt
--------------------------
	          watery red eyes, and assorted guns, flashlights, and billy
	          holder and thompson machine-gun. and françois is born.
	          françois cocks the machine-gun.
	                    with your gun?
	          nick guns it, and with a lurch the trailer splinters free. he
	          blasts and machine gun turret fire.

Romance: Bull-Durham
----------------------
	               scorebook, binoculars, a radar gun, and lipstick.
	               jackson aims a radar gun at the plate.
	               like an old warrior who knows he's just a hired gun.
	</b>                         -- we had the gun on him tonight -- 
	               annie in her box seat -- jackson with the radar gun.
	               annie watches in the stands with jackson and the radar gun.
	               sandy rushes in with a gun to break it up.

Romance: Mrs.-Brown
---------------------
		brown tears through the trees, pistol raised at full arm's
		stops.  with his pistol raised, he turns one full slow
		waving their mocking arms at him.  his hand lets the pistol
		dogs, guns and equipment jangling off pony-hacks an then
		stares at him a split-second, raises the rifle to his
		a rapid montage of guns firing, as we cut to ...
		onlookers, pulling out a gun.  brown yells out:
		the ground and twists the gun out of his hand.  as they
			course the gun was a fake, but all the
		brown grabs his gun and rushes out.
		brown tears through the trees, pistol raised at full arm's
		pistol raised, he turns a circle, eyes on the wildly

Romance: Blue-Valentine
-------------------------
	           bobby shotguns a beer in the passenger's seat. speed metal

Romance: Brothers-Bloom,-The
------------------------------
	     three gunshots, two bloody holes in the nice suit and the
	     a sweaty man named charleston (40s) lowers his gun, while
	     in a derby cap, snatches the gun away and slaps charleston
	                  are. it's mowcher's gun.
	     stephen makes a gun with his finger and shoots at the chink.
	               a black powder rifle at appomattox.
	      stephen pushes open the door, and an instant later a shotgun
	      draped in a ratty bathrobe, bottle in one hand and shotgun in
	      guns) trained on the tin ventilation duct above their heads.
	      eleven rifles cock and aim at her.
	      shotgun, and penelope sitting with a soldier behind caged
	      the chink fires an automatic pistol eight times into the dead
	      on the distant beach, following the faint rapport of gunfire,
	      the chink drives, stephen rides shotgun.
	      a black mercedes roars out on to the road, machine gun fire
	      loading his revolver with shaky fingers. penelope stands
	      outside the window, bloom bolts out of the car, pistol ready.
	      his gun and checks it.
	      down the darkened corridor, gun outstretched.       breathes
	      he lowers his gun, switches on the light.
	      of a double barrel shotgun.
	      bloom spins, gun drawn.      penelope screams.
	      then a moment of stillness.       the shotgun barrel quivers.
	      the shotgun sinks to the ground.      penelope strokes his hair
	      bloom lowers the gun, trembling.
	      behind him, bloom sees the dark figure raising his gun
	      bloom's revolver pops out of his sleeve and he's firing into
	      the fiery rapport of a big pistol flashes from the blackness,

Romance: Rachel-Getting-Married
---------------------------------
	</b>                            rachel, go fetch me my dart gun.

Romance: Last-of-the-Mohicans,-The
------------------------------------
		wampum belt holding a tomahawk and a large knife. a long rifle in which is 
	<b>	hawkeye's pov: rack focus through the gun sight
		five feet and fourteen pounds of rifle is elevated a half inch and shifted left, 
		appears warily, musket in hand. 
		the stocks of their brown bess muskets in unison. these men are drilling in preparation
		like a single shot, two hundred fifty black powder muskets fire .65 caliber lead shot at
		three cradle their long guns and move silently on moccasined feet. 
		thirteen muskets explode from the wooded rise. 
		a musket volley as eight muskets go off as one shot, sending a lead scythe through
		a musket volley as eight muskets go off as one shot, sending a lead scythe through
		war clubs and point-blank musket fire. 
		thrust and slams heyward with his rifle butt. 
		remember it. he raises his musket and aims at ... 
		shifts. the .65 caliber musket ball rockets past his ear and he's already squeezing
		from magua's musket blast clears. magua's gone. he almost shape-shifted, it happened
		in the confused melee, grabs a found musket and aims it at an indian. we recognize that
	<b>	heyward's musket
		he's drawn his sword, reflexively. hawkeye flips the musket around one-handed. it's
				miles ... find yourself a musket ... 
		danger & complexity of this place. she hands the pistol back to him. their hands almost
	<b>	english gun crew
	<b>	english gun crew
		excited. colonial militia and mohawk snipers fire their rifles. the british gun crew
		earth, shredding the english gun crew with cannister. the english fight stubbornly, but
		we feel they're outgunned. meanwhile ... 
		wounded men. just then a mortar is fired and explodes, killing the gun crew. on the
				 logistics are his guns are bigger than mine 
		braceful of pistols on a sash. inside is simple campaign furniture and a six by eight foot
		including captain jack. stacked rifles are against the casement. we don't know why.
		each rifle is within reach of hawkeye's hand. hawkeye is taking extra care loading
		two pistols are holstered in a sash around his chest. he wears no hat and carries no
		now handed already-loaded, primed and cocked rifles while the four men behind them
		judges wind, elevates the long rifle ... and fires at us. 
		their muskets aimed mostly at hawkeye.
		torchlight with the long muskets and bayonets are an image out of goya. 
				sooner french guns blow the english army
		they carried two hundred and forty-five bateaux across a ten mile portage, all their
		silver is in his ears. his tomahawk is in his left hand. his cut-down musket in his right
		raises his musket in his fist and emits a war whoop. we now see ... hundreds have
		of musket fire, war whoops and screams as ... 
		as the line of muskets belch smoke and fire ... 
		from both sides. (important: the combined musket fire of hurons, english and
		using their useless muskets as clubs or with fixed bayonets - as the smoke and fog
		struggle with hurons. cora's dress is torn. she holds alice to her. there's a pistol in
		an iron grip. his right hand pulls his horse pistol and under his upraised arm fires
		musket into the man's chest, sending the ramrod through him. then heyward's shot in
		dazed. barely able to stand. he uses the musket as a cane and ...
		side by musket fire. one of the rangers is shot, the other wounded. hurons attack. the
		smashing his war club straight down on a huron, reaches for the man's musket and
		have emerged from the smoke ten feet from them. heyward's aiming a horse pistol at
		heyward's a hair's breadth from firing. suddenly they hear the boom of muskets and
		is indifferent to huron musket balls. hawkeye hasn't stopped paddling and pays
		around his leg. he lowers the gun. 
		musket balls ricochet on the water's surface. one rips a hole through the bow.
		heyward digs in. like firecrackers in the distance, huron muskets sound. a new hail
		of musket balls cut the fabric of the canoes. one redcoat is shot in the back. he falls
		more huron musket balls hit water nearby. 
		musket range. 
		edge, his tomahawk in front of him, his musket near his right hand. there is no sign she
		musket is exposed. many scalps are tied to his tomahawk. he walks towards us
				send your arrows and guns to the seneca, 
		uncas sees magua's direction. uncas touches his father, grabs his musket and races off.
		two's musket coming up. uncas swings. fires. before he's fallen, uncas bayonets
		musket falls. before it hits the ground his tomahawk is out and hacks four over the

Romance: Leaving-Las-Vegas
----------------------------
			and forty-five pairs of 

Romance: Tall-in-the-Saddle
-----------------------------
	               his whip cracks like a rifle shot and the startled horses 
	               hesitates as if about to pick up the gun-belt which is lying 
	               jumps up, draws his gun and thrusts it almost into rocklin's 
	               gun-belt and picking up his hat goes out, closing the door.
	                         you took it at the point of a gun --
	                              revolver from her 
	               arly. she raises her gun.
	               close shot -- arley with the smoking gun still in her hand. 
	               with bob clews on the floor, tugging at his gun. as it comes 
	               the gun out of reach, rocklin steps back. bob clews sits up, 
	               anticipating trouble, brings a sawed-off shotgun up from 
	               doesn't dare do anything, except cap, who holds his shotgun 
	               have turned as cap spoke and are looking at the shotgun.
	               george. his hands are on his guns, but drunk or not, he has 
	               rocklin -- shooting past george, whose hands are on his gun 
	                         draw a gun and i'll kill you.
	               enters scene, suddenly whips out his gun and brings it 
	</b>                         i just laid a gun barrel over the 
	                         bullet from the same caliber rifle 
	</b>                         and layin' that gun across my skull -- 
	               a dark, mysterious figure on a horse raises his rifle --
	               rocklin puts the hat aside -- crawls over to his gun belt -- 
	<b>               rocklin draws his gun and moves stealthily towards the cabin 
	               and now rocklin, his gun away, starts closing in, slowly -- 
	               of his eye he catches garvey reaching for a gun in the middle 
	               gun-belt and hangs it over the rocker near the window, and 
	               his gun, is driving with dave, alertly watching him. they 
	               full length on top of the covers. his gun-belt still hangs 
	               through the window for rocklin's gun in the belt which is 
	               window. the hand of the killer pitches the gun toward rocklin 
	               his senses return, he picks up the gun and just gets to his 
	               dave sees clint's body on the floor -- notices the gun in 
	               rocklin, still holding his gun as he stares down at clint's 
	                         hand over that gun.
	                         his gun was layin' over there on the 
	                         he had a gun in his hand when we 
	</b>                         he admits it was his gun that shot 
	                         the gun out o' my belt...
	                         a gun on you, like he did at the sun-
	</b>                              (raises his gun)
	               he moves over to the open window, and with his gun leveled 
	               jackson's gun shatters a pane, during which time there has 
	               george and bob clews at the window. george has his gun 
	               covers him with his gun.
	               of the gate. arly dismounts quickly, her gun in her hand. 
	                         what are you doin' with that gun, 
	</b><b>               his gun
	               he sits calmly astride his horse, his gun leveled on george 
	               rocklin has come to george clew and we see him wrest the gun 
	               stand. he has garvey covered. dave is pointing his gun, and 
	               harolday at hall window. he raises his gun -- he is about to 
	</b>                         drop that gun.
	               he drops the gun. arly and juan come in to him. arly has him 

Romance: Stuntman,-The
------------------------
	               one has almost got his gun out.
	               other side. behind him, distant shouts and a gunshot.
	                          shotguns and tell them it's open
	               pounding as loud as the bells. a burst of machine gun bullets tears
	<b>          85   machine gun
	</b>               a 50-calibre machine gun, a special effects man in levi's and sport
	               series of explosive squibs. like machine gun bullets, they start
	               rifle butt. the blow glances off cameron. they grapple, kicking,
	</b>                it screams down vertically, full power, machine guns blazing, then
	                almost brushing the ground, machine guns rattling, driving some
	                mangled over the barrel of the gun, the horses insane with terror.
	</b>                                it's twenty-two seconds! in twenty-
	                                twenty-two bullets in that fat gut
	                                seem to do in twenty-two seconds is
	                          schmuck with a gun. that doesn't
	                eagerly rifles the contents. then, sensing a presence, he turns.
	                 man is handing out rifles and boxes of bullets to the german
	</b>                                 these guns are kinda modern for
	                 unnerved by the sight of those cops with guns. the second cop is
	</b>                fanned out across the field is a row of men, guns held ready.

Romance: Autumn-in-New-York
-----------------------------
	                         i think he might be a gunrunner.

Romance: Kill-Your-Darlings
-----------------------------
	a stack of papers fall from the book. allen rifles through

Romance: Larry-Crowne
-----------------------
	          talia waves at larry who guns his throttle and pulls even
	           half his age. give me a shotgun!

Romance: Les-Miserables
-------------------------
	     gillenormand spies a gun poking out of his jacket.                   
	     hunting rifle from under the mattress, wrapped in a rag. his         
	     of students are cleaning rifles and sharing their
	               the guns?                                                  
	            did we get the guns we need?                       
	     for making bullets. the rifles are now stacked and ready
	     slyly watching a student smuggling some rifles up the               
	black plumes nodding, drawing behind them a gun carriage         
	     one side, muskets of the infantry poke through the broken       
	     grab his musket and knock him down with the hilt of the gun.        
	     grab his musket and knock him down with the hilt of the gun.        
	     gun shop for weapons, they force wives to give up their             
	     husbands' muskets and chalk up the debt to the revolution           
	of the cafe the rifles and ammunition they've gathered, to      
	guns swing round to aim at javert. he stares back in
	are bayonets and musket barrels dimly lit by the reflection
	at the same time we hear the clatter of guns being levelled.
	in the darkness, the clang of ramrods in muskets - the troop      
	rattle of gunfire as soldiers throw themselves up and over
	the barricade. the students run for their guns and return
	aiming his rifle at marius - she throws herself in front of
	marius just as the rifle fires - and marius is safe.
	they are being   overrun. panic ensues. the gun battle is
	unless they do   something. he drags a barrel of gunpowder to
	     soldier's jacket. the student sentries level their guns.
	enjolras. swiftly valjean grabs a gun and shoots up at them      
	there is a burst of gunfire from both ends of the street as a   
	he raises his gun and points it at javert.
	as javert goes, he raises the gun barrel and fires a single
	crack! a musket shot. gavroche falls face down onto the
	as the smoke from the muskets clears horses are revealed
	lining up the big guns carefully.
	and the big guns fire - boom! boom! boom!
	a massive barrage of musket fire.
	the big gun has been lined up with the gate and has burst
	barricades, firing at the attackers, handing their rifles
	      he sees enjolras with the muskets raised against him.
	      the rifles blaze. grantaire drops back to the ground.
	javert draws his pistol and holds it to valjean's head.
	lowers the gun.
	                never held a gun
	      and the gunfire, the young men falling.

Romance: Other-Boleyn-Girl,-The
---------------------------------
	            two guns and two hundred feet long, and

Romance: Knocked-Up
---------------------
	          ryan.' bam! `in the cut,' thirty-eight
	</b>           i'll throw you in my delorean and gun
	</b>           she doesn't have a gun, does she?
	           doesn't last twenty-two minutes. it

Romance: Heavenly-Creatures
-----------------------------
	int. cinema - nightbang! . . . a gunshot! close on . . . pauline's face flinching at the sound, a flash of light.
	black & white image of orson welles shooting a pistol from the third man.

Romance: Fifth-Element,-The
-----------------------------
		billy staggers forward, a machine pistol in his hand.
		billy suddenly staggers into the room, brandishing his gun.
		billy trips, the gun goes off.  he empties the clip.  the mondoshawan
	close.  billy fires wildly, unable to control the powerful kicking gun.
		gun, brandished by a nervous mugger, pointing right in his face.
		korben points to the button on the side of the gun.  the mugger takes his
	hand, sending him down for the count.  korben retrieves the gun.
	full of similar guns! the mugger's eyes pop out of his head.  he scampers
		the chief angrily pulls out his gun and shoots at the girl who ducks
		the police car presses up against the cab.  doors slide open.  huge guns
		korben whips out a gun and shatters the loudspeaker.
	when korben straightens up he discovers his own gun jammed under his
		cornelius bursts into the room.  she turns the gun on him.
					the gun.
		and opens the door with a big smile only to discover a gun stuck between
	seen nothing.  korben presses one of his fingers like a gun to david's back.
		the tawdry girl nods and peels off. the neighbor takes out a gun and
	red sighting beams target spots on his body, ten gun barrels protrude from
	finds himself staring down the barrel of a gun. a dozen mangalores rush
	police is behind him holding a gun.
	the gun which throws zorg's shot off.  she jumps to the ceiling and
	turn their guns on the cops.  people scream, diving for cover.  korben bides
	and grabs his gun.
	the shoulder and pokes him with his gun.
	and snatches the gun.
					have been sticking guns in my face...
	the theater.  korben bursts into the hall, two huge guns in his hands.
	mangalore, grabs him and smashes his head into a column, seizing the gun.
		two mangalores firing a huge machine gun at the column korben is using
	some missiles in his gun and destroys the bar piece by piece forcing korben to
		akanit gets up, grabs cornelius by the throat and put a gun to his head.
	gun and puts a bullet through his head.

Romance: Bonnie-and-Clyde
---------------------------
	close-up.  gun.  day.  he reaches in his jacket and pulls
	out a gun.  the camera moves to a closeup of the gun,
	out a gun.  the camera moves to a closeup of the gun,
	out, walking slowly.  in one hand he holds the gun, in the
	protest.  clyde points the gun above him and fires.  it is
	                   the gunning motor)
	he means that to be bonnie's target.  he hands her a gun.
	clyde whirls at the sound.  he grabs gun from bonnie because
	gun.
	clyde.  clyde offers the gun to the farmer.  he looks at it,
	takes the second gun from clyde and hands it to davis.
	davis.  davis slowly raises the gun and fires at another
	farmer returns the gun as does davis.
	                   (he hands her a gun
	the gun at him.
	and pushes him ahead with the gun.  clyde is fuming.  he
	points his gun out the window.
	money.  clyde pulls his gun.
	terrified, fighting wildly to get free.  the gun in clyde's
	won't let go.  clyde, in real panic, aims the gun at his
	bonnie begins doing so, while clyde keeps his gun trained on
	sitting on the edge of the bed cleaning the guns and oiling
	they kiss.  they are near the bed on which are some guns
	love making.  they are on the bed and push the guns aside.
	the bed.  she falls on it face down.  a gun presses into her
	gun is now under her head and moves it.  she sits up and
	cheek with the gun and waits for him to be able to look at
	</b>                   (pulling out his gun
	open on bonnie and clyde.  he is cleaning guns.  she is
	living room.  everyone else leaps into action.  guns begin
	clyde, bonnie and c.w. leap into their car, gun the motor,
	sawed-off shotgun.  buck jumps into the car with the others.
	            in a gun battle on the streets of
	uniform of the texas ranger.  he draws his gun and slowly
	</b>            when he saw several machine guns in
	out of the woods, behind the lawman.  his gun is tucked in
	clyde whips out his gun.  the following scene is played
	has the draw on him, and the aim.  the gun goes flying from
	man, guns drawn.
	excited over the capture.  bonnie takes the sheriff's gun
	                   bryce's gun from grill)
	            waves his big ol' gun at us, and we
	            with shot guns...you're s'posed to
	gun appears in the frame and gently taps the hand away.  the
	cut to clyde standing near the door, training his guns on
	advantage of clyde's distraction to go for his gun.  clyde
	            then he saw me goin' for my gun.
	</b>            what if they have guns, eugene?
	clyde pulls out a gun, makes as if to shoot, but he is
	posing, pointing a gun at them.  they have their hands in
	his coat, his gun is clearly seen tucked in his pants.
	camera zooms in to tight close-up of gun.
	clyde's arm wielding a tommy gun, clears the bed.  with the
	clyde sits up, beer bottle in one hand, tommy gun in the
	peace officers.  four men come out and, guns drawn, walk
	cabin, the window smashes and there are blasts of gunfire.
	armored truck, with mounted guns and and spotlight, advancing
	gunshots coming from everywhere, piercing light.  from
	impact of bullets, shattering.  his gun already firing
	flies open and bonnie and c.w. come charging out, guns
	blazing away.  c.w.  fires the thompson sub-machine gun,
	bonnie fires two pistols with automatic clips.  they run in
	end, buck the back with one hand, the other firing his gun.
	seat.  blanche follows, hysterical.  all guns on all sides
	their guns and fire several shots; they are not firing the
	big guns now, but the pistols.  the man lingers there for a
	then there is a volley of gunfire--a noise so large as to be
	circle.  behind every tree is a man with a gun.  there are
	hunting rifles, kids with squirrel guns, everyone who wanted
	from this point on, the sound of guns is unnaturally muffled
	            by a sub-gun's rat-tat-tat.
	            a sub-gun's rat-tat-tat!
	the gun fight takes just seconds during which law fires
	at no point in the gun fight do we see bonnie and clyde in
	dead aim with his gun, just as he did in the teaching scene:
	gunfire.  we see the car, a complete shambles.  we never see

Romance: Birds,-The
---------------------
		perennial western, the gun shots punctuating her conversation.
	</b>		then fight back. get yourselves guns 
		suddenly she hears the firing of a gun. she turns.
		she sees a man with a gun shooting up at birds but to no 
		avail. one or two descend upon him. he throws the gun down 
		porch, and a man is leaning over it, dead, a shotgun in his 

Romance: Next-Three-Days,-The
-------------------------------
	      inside. the guy hands john a 9mm handgun wrapped in a                      
	      inside. the guy hands john a 9mm handgun wrapped in a                      
	      john moves aside a box on the shelf and removes the handgun,
	      disguised gun in his hand.
	      and she walks off.    john gets in the car and slips the gun
	      the name mick; john presses ignore. he feels for the gun                    
	      his seat and pulls out the gun, wrapped in a cloth. he hides
	      he throws a look to the garage, thinks about the gun;
	       he charges the desk & rifles through more photos.
	      he rifles through a drawer, finds a pair of sunglasses.
	      he tosses a bag on the bed, unzips it and pulls out the gun.              
	      and sunglasses and places the gun on his lap. and again he
	      back inside. john tightens his grip on the gun, tries to
	      the back porch. he pulls out his gun and settles in to wait
	      he smacks david with the gun, grabs him by the hair and jams
	      a sawed-off shotgun at john, who keeps himself right behind
	                   -- put the gun down!
	                       (aims gun at it)
	      john shoves david to the floor and waves the gun between
	      his gaze he finds alex's revolver on the counter. john grabs
	</b>                       (gun on alex)
	      gun to his head while he is on the ground bleeding.
	      gun in his temple and shoves him into the front hall.
	      fire spreads, the thug yells, the dog barks. the shotgun
	      until he wheels, gun in hand, and fires twice.
	      back fence, landing sprawled in the alley with the shotgun.
	                 gunshot victim dead on a transit bench.
	      a large screwdriver, two rolls of duct tape, the handgun,
	      ambulance and surveys the surroundings, shotgun in hand,
	      backpack, wearing a white doctor's smock. he raises a gun.                
	      guard #2 reaches for his weapon; john pistol whips him to                      
	      a second handgun and holster      slides across the floor to meet              
	       pulling his gun from his pocket.                                         
	      his gun in the trash can, gets back in and drives away.                     

Romance: Three-Musketeers,-The
--------------------------------
	     with madness. he aims the pistol at aramis' head.
	     races through pistol shots like a demon possessed.
	     captain of the guards. a man-at-arms raises his musket
	                  your pistol and powder, please.
	     spanning a shallow stream. they are armed with muskets
	     the farmer laughs, contemptuously. he raises his pistol
	     pistols emerging from beneath the cloaks of the
	     raises the barrel to his lips and blows away the gunsmoke.
	     ticing muskets and sabers.
	     muskets already drawn... is a patrol of cardinal's
	      the horesmen fire pistols as they ride. a shot grazes
	      the top. the climb is fast and treacherous, gunfire all
	      athos points his pistol at d'artagnan.
	</b>      he rides, straining to hear the sounds of gunfire. as
	      pistols are cocked.    henri's shadow falls across
	<b>      pistols explode.
	      athos holds his musket in a steady hand. a very long
	      athos grips the pistol tighter, as if to ward off the
	      musket in his hands.

Romance: Grosse-Point-Blank
-----------------------------
		returns the rifle to the bag, pulls out a driver, moves to 
		scope in the other. next to him, the assembled rifle rests 
		the rifle toward window #2.
		a mac-10 submachine gun from his bag. the group see him-- 
		flips open his coat back over two huge chrome .44 magnum 
		is closing his bag when he hears the gun-thunder.
		fires both guns.
		outside, we see the doorman drop both guns on the pile of 
		dire scream is heard from within and he is on his feet, gun 
		martin, his gun already pointed at the bodyguard. the 
		gun at the door, and reaching up turns the knob. as the door 
		martin kicks the gun away from the fallen man, and raises 
		martin cocks the gun....
		doing and look up at martin, drawing guns of all shapes and 
	</b><b>	disintegrates, and all 400 people turn their guns on each 
			someone,/ with that old shotgun,/ 
		reaches into his own jacket, most likely for a gun....
		debi in the window... martin draws a thin rifle scope from 
		of the glock .9mm he has produced from somewhere in his suit.
		two glock nines. martin steals a glance to get a bead on 
		take. martin comes up blasting with both guns, but all that's 
	<b>	guns, bullets, etc.
		martin draws a nasty little ppk pistol from his waist, and 
		drawing his pistol down there, and there is an instant mexican 
			" "loner gunman." get it? "on my 
			guns away and forget the whole damn 
			shoulda brought my gun.
		from a silenced pistol pierces the space where his head was 
		he freezes, then plucks a gun tapped under a desk, and moves 
		body slacken. he lobs the gun onto the bed. with everything 
		up four or five exquisitely clean guns are laid out on the 
		they draw different guns from their kit bags and begin 
		martin finished loading his guns, and puts them in his case. 
		he turns and points the gun at the front door and fires two 
		martin. in one hand is a gun, in the other is a fuller brush 
		their guns rising up fast toward us.
		hears a gun report from upstairs and moves back toward it, 
		martin, incensed, bends down and takes the gun from the dead 
		man. he runs out of the bedroom, gun poised for a kamikaze 
		up the stairs at him. they lift their guns at each other to 
		power through the front door, guns blazing at floor-level, 
	<b>	c.u. - martin's gun - slow motion
		and pushes the clip back into the gun. grocer arcs the two 
		gun.
		runs up the front stairs, retrieving the spent gun he 
		martin a bloody, tattered mess, wipes off the gun and puts 

Romance: Angel-Eyes
---------------------
	walks on. their eyes follow him like gun barrels. he
	shotgun.    this is ray juliette.
	suddenly, pointing a handgun!
	</b>             gun!
	catch and the man go sprawling, and the gun flies out of
	pointing her gun at him...
	             gun, so...
	pointing the gun at her face today.
	             man with a gun?
	         that goddamn gun pointing at me
	she rises and goes to a desk and takes the holstered gun
	that gun.
	takes the ankle holster and gun off, puts it on the

Romance: Broadcast-News
-------------------------
		the nearly gunfire.
			shipment of rifles is expected tomorrow --
		there is the sound of gunfire.

Romance: You've-Got-Mail
--------------------------
			report.  as in gunshot.
			vacation?  "leave the gun, take the

Romance: How-to-Lose-Friends-&-Alienate-People
------------------------------------------------
	           we hear the opening of pretty vacant by the sex pistols as

Romance: Bounty-Hunter,-The
-----------------------------
	          rudolph, guns drawn. the lead cop (gelman, short, over-
	          guns pointed his way and rudolph gasping at his feet. milo
	<b>          mace, pepper spray, taser gun, handcuffs...
	          as he replaces the frame and draws his gun. a couple careful
	          milo puts his gun to their head:
	</b>          she heads for the cabs. milo exits his car, gun in hand.
	          pull back a little to reveal the gun mahler is holding under
	</b>          mahler reaches into his trunk and removes his handgun. checks
	          the cartridge, pockets the gun. slams the trunk shut.
	          hands moving towards the gun in his belt. he smirks. click.
	          out of the top of the duffle is the taser gun. hmm...
	</b>          he exits. as soon as he is gone, cass pulls milo's taser gun
	</b>          cass squints at the taser gun, trying to read the tiny
	</b>          he comes in and she jams the taser gun into his neck and hits
	</b><b>          the taser gun, and flees.
	<b>          them, gun pointed at milo's head.
	          around them. milo pulls out his gun and starts firing back...
	          face with the butt of his gun. the driver crumples in his
	          cartridge of his gun. beside him, cass is bubbling over with
	</b>                    wait a second: where's my gun?
	</b>                    i don't know. where is your gun?
	                    with your taser gun.
	</b>          milo quickly enters the room, gun raised. the screaming is
	          doorway, excitedly pointing his gun at them. milo rolls his
	</b>          milo holds up his gun.
	</b>          milo drops the cartridge, then tosses the gun right at the
	          gun in plain view. she smiles...
	          body in an attempt to reach the gun without waking milo up.
	          the gun almost within reach, when:
	</b>          she tries to reach for the gun while they talk.
	</b>          the gun seems to be getting father away. their lips are
	</b>          cass blushes fiercely. if she didn't want that gun so bad...
	</b>                    my gun?
	</b>          the gun is in his hand. that's why she couldn't reach it. he
	<b>          in the backseat, pointing guns at the back of their heads.
	<b>          milo and points his gun at milo's head.
	</b>          dwight steps forward from behind milo, and points his gun at
	<b>          mahler. mahler reacts, shifting the gun to dwight. ray steps
	</b><b>          up, gun pointed at mahler.
	</b><b>          ray's gun goes off as cass and milo both hit the floor.
	          dwight and recovers his gun. he looks up in time to see cass
	          crowd. milo raises his gun in the air and fires. people duck
	</b>          cass and milo both slowly turn to find bobby pointing a gun
	<b>          the back of the head with the butt of the gun, sending milo
	</b><b>          imaginable: guns, videotapes, drugs, etc...
	</b>          bobby looks up to see milo pointing an assault rifle he

Romance: Never-Been-Kissed
----------------------------
	<p id="dia">change is scary. robbie, let me tell you a little something about the mail business. i've been in it over thirty years. and in those thirty years, the only thing that's changed is the elvis stamp and some gun laws. people are bored! they wanna shake things up!
	</p><p><p id="act">monty takes the lei off her neck. josie hands rob an envelope. rob rifles through the cash inside.
	</p><p><p id="act">aldys drives, josie has shotgun and tyke, aldys' nine-year-old sister, is in back. they all hold double-scooped cones and they all sing free to be you and me at full voice.
	<p id="dia">when you're old enough. which none of you are, trust me i should know cuz when you lose it to some guy named junior with really bad breath in the back of a van at a guns and roses concert you're gonna wish you listened to your mom when she said, y'know, no one's gonna want to buy the whole friggin ice cream truck when you're handing out the popsicles for free.
	</p><p><p id="act">josie dumps out her backpack on the table. teen items spill out-notebooks, cds, barrettes, a hacky sac, a frisbee, glitter nail polish. she rifles through it all--

Romance: There's-Something-About-Mary
---------------------------------------
	he's got his listening gun fixed on mary's office.
	<u>on healy</u> - he blows imaginary smoke off an imaginary gun. then
	           was incarcerated until age twenty-two when,
	           loaded gun. no wonder you're nervous!
	           out with a loaded gun, you empty the
	           loaded gun!
	</b>           bullshit, a twenty-two doesn't carry a
	angry. he rifles through his pockets until he finds a slip of

Romance: American-President,-The
----------------------------------
			dumped the whole handguns paragraph.
			that gun control--
	</b>		crime control, robin. gun control
	</b>		are we not putting back the handgun
			do not relate guns to gun-related crime.
			do not relate guns to gun-related crime.
	</b>		leo solomon brought in a hired gun
			handguns.
			from being a hired gun to a cocktail
			never mind she's the hired gun of
			weapons and handguns.
			gonna get the guns. we've got

Romance: Natural-Born-Killers
-------------------------------
	     the deputies both have their guns drawn, ready to blow mickey in
	     jail, guards, guns, jump-suit), he remains a dangerous,
	     shotguns and shouting things.
	     mickey points his shotgun at bishop the store clerk and screams:
	     bishop stuffs money in a bag as mallory guards the door, shotgun
	</b>                    they'd storm in with shotguns, and kill
	     to the next photo after shotgun fire.
	     next to each other, guns in hand, smiling for the camera.
	                    shotgun and---
	     shotgun blast and a scream over this.
	     with guns in their hands. around them are smaller drawings of
	     shot of the movie knoxs firing guns.
	     mickey holds a shotgun.
	     shotgun in hand, runs down the alley stopping at a dumpster,
	                    a gun so i can go out shooting.
	     movie mickey hands her his .44 magnum from his belt.
	     body, gun in hand, remains upright in her sitting position.
	</b>                    'have gun will travel.'
	                    weapon like a gun or a knife. am i
	     the deputies each carry shotguns and a shit load of chains and
	     deputies with shotguns. the deputies are bingham and
	     mallory walks slightly ahead of the two shotgun wielding
	     two deputies hold shotguns to mickey's head, while two others
	     bingham pumps his shotgun slide and places the barrel next to
	     scagnetti takes out his gun and tosses it to washington. before
	     shotguns.
	     bingham has mallory in the corner of the cell with the shotgun
	     scagnetti walks to the corner where mallory is. the shotgun
	                    shotguns out, your fingers on the
	                    gun, so i go into the living room with
	                    gun. do, the next day i started off
	                    gun shop and pick up a little home
	                    and had never seen so many guns in all
	                    different models of guns. magnums,
	                    ask to see a shotgun. he brings me a
	                    mossberg pump action shotgun. as soon
	                    the shotgun, it all became clear. i
	</b>                    it sure as hell is. they got guns,
	     as deputies with shotguns and riot gear speed down the hall, the
	     #4's face. mickey grabs hold of the shotgun, rips it from
	     mickey pumps the shotgun slide and shoots, hitting deputy #5 in
	     deputy #3 raises his shotgun. mickey drops to a crouching
	     deputy #3 crumples into the wall, firing his gun -- slow motion.
	     deputy #3 drops to the floor, firing his shotgun straight up --
	     scagnetti has whipped out his gun and is bringing it up to
	     scagnetti has his gun aimed at mickey.
	     squatting, mickey has the shotgun trained on scagnetti.
	</b>                    slide the shotgun over here, put your
	     dolly in on scagnetti's gun in f.g., past the gun, to his face.
	     dolly in on scagnetti's gun in f.g., past the gun, to his face.
	     cu of barrel of shotgun.
	     he clicks the hammer back into place on his gun, then points the gun up.
	     he clicks the hammer back into place on his gun, then points the gun up.
	     mickey, holding the shotgun, walks up to scagnetti. they stand,
	     mickey clouts him across the face with the shotgun. scagnetti
	                    and i want men with rifles all along
	     mickey enters the frame with shotgun in hand, pushing wayne out.
	     wide shot of mickey, holding his shotgun. he walks over and
	     grabs the shotgun from dead deputy #5. deputy #5 won't let go
	     of the gun from his dead man's grip. mickey finally yanks it
	     loose. he extracts all the shells from the gun, picks them off
	     mickey picks up scagnetti's gun, inserts the loose bullets and
	     wayne enters frame. mickey extends the shotgun.
	                    be shotgun city. you understand?
	     the shotgun barrel pressed against his midsection. scagnetti's
	     walking back to back with mickey and his own pistol pressed to
	     mallory walks up to him with pistol in hand.
	     jumping into the corridor, blasting with their guns while using
	     and gunfire.
	     raise their guns.
	     pressing the barrel of her gun against his temple and her other
	     none of the deputies lower their guns, but they appear less
	     mallory quickly lowers her gun from wayne's head and shoots him
	     in the thigh. she whips the gun back up to his head.
	     shots of deputies with guns in their hands, just itching to kill
	     around the barrel of his shotgun.
	     his shotgun under wayne's chin and wraps the tape from the
	     stock of the shotgun.
	     the deputies quickly raise their guns, but soon realize if they
	     shotgun that's wrapped firmly to duncan's neck. the pistol in
	     shotgun that's wrapped firmly to duncan's neck. the pistol in
	     mickey's left hand masters the shotgun leash on wayne, while he
	     the deputies keep their guns trained on the caravan, but they
	                    shotguns and we're gonna be pullin' the
	     mickey pumps the slide of his shotgun. mallory grabs her
	     shotgun from off the ground.

Romance: Legend
-----------------
	his flute, aiming the instrument like a blowgun.

Romance: Shipping-News,-The
-----------------------------
	the shotgun window, we see...
	</b>                  thirty-eight years. first time

Romance: Wall-E
-----------------
	          keeps her gun trained on him.
	          the cockroach climbs down her gun arm.
	          she retracts her gun arm.
	</b>          she draws her gun on him.
	          wall-e boxes up. guns it.
	          an orderly-arm easily detaches her gun arm.
	          grabs eve's separated gun arm.
	</b>          ...he's holding the gun backwards.
	</b>                                 ("put the gun down...")
	          the gun fires backwards.
	          wall-e still holding on to eve's gun arm.
	          still holds eve's gun.
	          just as she reattaches her gun...
	          she appears to brandish her gun at camera.
	</b>          eve aims her gun at the screen.
	</b>          eve draws her gun arm. points it at gopher.
	          her gun arm stuck inside the cube.
	          eve raises her gun arm...
	</b>          ...and eve is aiming her gun straight at camera.
	          eve fires her gun. destroys a steward.
	</b>          ...and blasts a hole in the ceiling with her gun.

Romance: Shrek
----------------
	                         a loaded pistol who likes pina colads 

Romance: He's-Just-Not-That-Into-You
--------------------------------------
	</b>          he turns and rifles through a stack of papers, finally
	</b>          alex rifles through his papers, not sure what he's
